well , everyon got up and go thi morn . It 's still rain , but that 's okay with me . sort of suit my mood . I could easili have stay home in bed with my book and the cat . thi ha been a lot of rain though ! peopl have wet basement , there are lake where there should be golf cours and field , everyth is green , green , green . but , it is suppos to be 26 degre by friday , so we 'll be deal with mosquito next week . I heard winnipeg describ as an `` old testament '' citi on urllink cbc radio one last week and it sort of ring true . flood , infest , etc. , etc.. 
My four-year old never stop talk . she 'll say `` mom ? '' and when I say `` ye ? `` , she 'll say `` ummm ... . ummm ... oh yeah . where do ladi bug hide in the rain ? '' anyth to hear her own voic . veri , veri exhaust . now I rememb ! thi is whi I go to work ! *sigh* 
actual it 's not rain yet , but I bought 15 ticket to the urllink goldey game for my mom 's birthday tonight , and it is suppos to rain . Do they cancel basebal game becaus of rain ? although the ballpark is beauti , it ai n't the urllink skydom . We use to go to the jay game occassion when we live in toronto and realli like take the kid to the goldey game now . I do n't know what urllink blue jay ticket cost now , but I 'm sure it 's cheaper here in winnipeg . Oh , I just check and it definit is ! 
Ha ! just set up my rss feed - that is so easi ! whi doe n't everyon do it ? enough for today . the sun is shine and I should be outsid plant my poor flower ( that have spent far too long in their pot ) but I have 3 kindergartn and a preschool who are refus to go outsid . littl gameboy junki ... I should talk ! last post today , I promis . 
Oh , which just remind me , we were talk about canning food at coffe break thi morn . Is thi becom a lost art ? are there ani peopl under 40 who know how to do thi ? those of us at coffe that fall in that age rang could n't . what would happen if the world as we know it ceas to exist ( a la urllink day after tomorrow which is onli be releas today and I ca n't wait to see - I love a good escapist pictur with lot of special effect ) and we had to preserv our food somehow ? well , we in canada definit would need to preserv our food . I found lot of site on canning , includ urllink thi one , but I guess that would n't help me much if everyth went . better print it out and keep it just in case ! 
I 've tri start blog after blog and it just never feel right . then I read today that it feel strang to most peopl , but the more you do it the better it get ( hmm , sound suspici like someth els ! ) so I decid to give it anoth tri . My husband bought me a notepad at urllink mcnalli ( the best bookstor in western canada ) with that titl and a pictur of a 50 housewif grin desper . each page ha someth funni like `` new curtain ! hurrah ! '' . for some reason it struck me as absolut hilari and ha stuck in my head ever sinc . what were those women think ? 
My 20th high school urllink reunion is thi weekend . there are over 100 peopl come , so it should be a good time . lot of name from the past . funni , I bare ever run into anyon , and yet a lot are still in the citi . 
We alway have pizza on friday night . It take the stress out of `` what am I go to make for dinner '' and the kid look forward to it . In fact , mani of their friend look forward to it too ! but tonight we are have a famili gather at my mom 's and I 've offer to make pizza for all the kid . So I 've been madli make dough in my breadmak ( which is veri easi but still need to be done ) and freez it . now I have to go home and cut veget for the vegetarian cousin ' pizza and grate a huge amount of chees . then I 'll have to cart it all over to my mom 's without wreck the crust . It is not the usual relax friday night , but thi ha n't been a relax week at all . 
okay , I saw it thi past weekend . not as good as independ day for sure . better than rais helen which I also saw . ye , two movi in one weekend ! one wa with book club , and one wa with my husband sinc we had n't been out togeth forev . guess which wa with whom ... 
I 've been catalogu film script at work . what fun ! I have to look a lot of the writer up on the urllink imdb . what a great databas ! I read somewher that there were lot of mistak in there , but given the absolut huge amount of inform , it is bound to happen . and everyth link ! I love it . librari catalogu should be so good . best of all is get a littl sneak peek into peopl 's live . just enough to get your imagin go ... 
paul martin promis today that if he is elect he will creat 250,000 new afford child care space . I think they promis someth like that last time around too . but if they realli want to do someth for work women , they should make it easier for women to work and be with their famili . An afford child care space would be help , but I want to spend more time with my children , so I need more flexibl work arrang . instead of a year 's matern leav , what if they made it mandatori for employ to allow women five year of part-tim work . If we work at least 50 % they should have to hold our job for us . I think that would appeal to a lot of mom . and then there would be a lot of part-tim child care space too , which are imposs to find right now . ye , I 'm still ponder quit my job . It seem to me to be ineveit now ... just a question of when . 
No , I still have n't seen it , but appar it is urllink not so good unless you are a librarian . Ha ! I am ! 
well , it 's over ! It wa good to see so mani peopl . most have n't chang much , but some have chang a great deal . funni how thing that were import in high school no longer are . anyway , it is over and I 'm glad . I wa veri , veri tire all week and am glad that I had 4 day off to snooz a bit . 
