the astut among you will note that thi run is a minut shorter than the 5th one . thi run wa three minut run , one minut walk -- which is much harder than the previou run-walk ratio . I wa feel good until the 4th repetit , which wa difficult , and I realli struggl through the 5th one . tonight I notic a veri odd sensat . while I wa happi to take the littl walk break , I found that the moment I start run again after each break my leg felt realli invigor . I 'm sure there 's some clever scientif name for thi phenomenon . howev , I 'm also sure there 's no clever scientif name for the fact that I 'm realli , realli glad tonight 's run is over . 
So the press question wa whether I should increas my total run time or decreas my walk time . sinc the schedul I 'm follow say to increas run time , I decid to do that . they 're the expert , after all -- I 'm just the one in the expens shoe . while today did n't exactli feel what I would call `` good , '' it did n't feel bad either . actual , after my third repetit I felt like a million buck ; after my fourth , I flag a bit . but I made it through to my 7th repetit without feel like my lung were insid out . I probabl could have done 8 repetit , if the truth be told , but I 'm sure I 'll regret say that on wednesday . jon ha just decid to go on a health kick too ; he say that he 's go to join me in run . I think I might be a littl bit too slow for him . today I definit felt like a jogger rather than a runner -- I think it ha to do with the massiv amount of crap ( chocol syrup , ice cream , crisp , pizza , etc . ) I 've been eat over the past coupl of day . 
I can assur you that it wa not laughabl easi . It wa n't as hard as last time , but it still felt pretti pain . I did n't start think I wa go . to . die . until the 4th repetit , at which point I again told myself that I wa onli go to do 5 repetit . I even had all sort of excus figur out : I wa run at midday in the sun ; I wa run in the park on uneven ground , I wa feel vagu hung-ov . but in the end it wa the thought of come here and write down the fact that I had wuss out that made me do the 6th repetit . now I have the reward of a hot bath . 
tonight I decid to decreas the walk time between the period of run . I did 2 minut on , one minut off , repeat 6 time . after the first 2 repetit , I felt like I wa go . to . die . but the middl two were fine ; I wa on top of the world . I consid onli do 5 repetit , but when I finish the 5th , I wa further away from my hous than I expect , so I slog on to a 6th . the 6th repetit wa a real struggl . I wa liter forc myself to put one foot in front of the other . the knowledg of a hot bath wa the onli thing that kept me go . then I had to run past my hous to finish out the time . psycholog , I found that upset . I also find the peopl on the sidewalk upset . I have thi paranoid fantasi that all peopl who see me run are runner themselv , and they 're critiqu me . when I 'm feel slow and down , I find that forc myself into a sprint help me get past it . even though I 'm not a fast runner by ani mean , I prefer to run at speed rather than to jog . I 'm not sure if thi wa a struggl becaus I did n't run for over a week , or if it wa becaus it wa genuin more difficult than my last run . anyway , I 'm sure I 'll laugh at myself on saturday when I go out and do the same run again and I find it laughabl easi . 
I spent a long weekend in edinburgh , do more walk around than usual , but not do ani run . In the meantim , howev , my knee felt fantast . after the acl surgeri I lost most of my muscl tone , which meant that my kneecap wa n't track properli , which led to some click and ach when walk , especi when walk down step . now , after onli two run , I can feel a real differ in the way my knee feel when go down stair . It 's almost normal , which is someth I do n't take for grant . 
tonight I did the 2 minut run , 2 minut walk deal ( repeat 4 time ) , which is the recommend first run for 10 train accord to the schedul I 've decid to use . I have to admit that it wa far too easi . I came in the hous have not even broken a sweat . becaus it wa so easi , I 'm not sure whether to increas the overal time out or decreas the in-between walk time . there seem to be definit advantag and disadvantag to both . 
My initi plan wa to start on a basic 10k train schedul , urllink as describ here . howev , tonight -- my first night out -- wa still a littl bit of a tester , so I ran for 1 minut , walk for 1 minut , and repeat that 6 time . It wa reason hard work , but it wa n't anyth scari , and my knee felt fine . I feel that I am readi to move onto the proper 10k train schedul . 
whoever read thi ( if there is anyon ) might think I 'm not take thi run thing veri serious . I am , believ me , but you have to understand that the past few week and the next few week are full up . there are plenti of night where I get 5 hour of sleep becaus I 'm busi do thing I must do ( and there 's preciou littl read or watch TV go on ) , then the next day I 'm shatter becaus I onli got 5 hour of sleep . fit in half an hour of run , while technic feasibl , is not alway an incred attract option . cycl , howev , is a happi medium . but I have been afraid to cycl recent for two reason : 1 ) last octob , run + cycl realli made my knee hurt . run wa ok , but cycl actual caus my knee to react so badli that I could n't run anymor . 2 ) My chain is rusti . I 've been run ( if you can call it that ) for a few week with no bad reaction from my knee at all , so I thought tonight I would give cycl a go . On closer inspect my chain wa n't too bad ( though I probabl should replac it ) , so I brave it . becaus I have n't cycl in a while and I wa worri that either my knee or my chain would break , I did n't go too far afield , and onli did half an hour . It 's not particularli hard work for me , even on the hardest gear , and it 's an excel opportun to make my left leg work harder ( becaus I would estim that my left leg is onli about 80 % as strong as my right leg now ) . We shall see how my knee react , but I 'll probabl be cycl more if it 's ok . 
I 'm amaz that , even be so lazi as to go out onli onc a week for the past coupl of week , I 've manag to improv each week . today I ran for 7 minut , walk for 2 , ran for 4 , walk for 2 , and ran for 7 . that 's what 7 ( 2 ) 4 ( 2 ) 7 mean in the subject line . I think that make more sens than tri to reckon up the fraction each time . I mean , realli . what wa I think ? So tonight wa event . I did n't mention it in my last post , but last week someon actual stop me to ask for direct while I wa run -- while there were other peopl around . I wrote it off to the absurd that is present in everyday societi , but today , as I ran toward an elderli man who wa carri hi dog , he ask me , `` are you jog ? '' Of cours I am ! Do I look like I 'm , for exampl , fish ? could the direction-ask and the elderli man realli not tell ? Do I just look like I 'm go for a leisur stroll ? then , as I wa run along on the sidewalk next to the park , a snivel brat kick hi footbal at me , hard . I do n't think he appreci it when I call him a `` littl prick . '' but he wa . I hope he fall out of a tree and break hi ankl in three place . I now have comment , so if you feel the need to tell me what a heartless , child-hat bitch I am , pleas feel free . I like these new blogger templat ; they 're pretti . 
I know , it wa a week . I am tri . ( `` you can say that again , ha ha ! '' ) ( ahh , do you see what I did there ? : I use the word `` tri '' as a verb , and then pretend that someon els impli that it wa use as an adject . ahhhh ! ) anyway , so when I went out , I said to myself , `` self , whi not just run until you realli feel like you have to stop , instead of adher rigidli to thi schedul ? '' So I did . and I ran for 6 minut . now , I wa n't realli all that tire after 6 minut ( compar to the last 6 minut I did , anyway ) . It 's not my leg that complain , and I do n't get cramp in my side or anyth . the main problem that make me have to stop is my chest/lung ach . I 've alway been thi way and thought it wa normal , but urllink thi page say it 's not . hmmm . So I had to walk for 2 minut until my lung stop ach , then I did 4 minut run again , then 2 minut walk , then the final 6 minut run . If you 're think that a full 20 minut of run should n't be that hard to achiev , rememb that I 've been total , total inact for a year . 
I think that run is akin to childbirth in some respect ( not that I 've ever given birth ) : while you 're do it , it 's pain and terribl and you ca n't imagin ever do it again , not in a million year , and you curs the bastard that got you into it in the first place ( in run 's case , yourself ) . but then it 's over , and you have a shower , and you sit down to blog about it , and it feel great . run , that is . My analog end in the first paragraph . you were n't still tri to make it work for thi one , were you ? anyway , I did n't do myself ani favor by not run for nearli a week . In case you 're curiou , a combin of factor includ ill , diy-mania , and heavi rain contribut to my sloth . tonight I went out think , `` Do I realli have to bother with the run-walk nonsens ? Ca n't I just run out for 10 minut , then run back for 10 minut ? '' the answer is no . I did the same run as befor , and by the end of the second repetit I look over at my hous ( which face the park ) and serious consid run home right then , jump the fenc , and go in the back door . then I rememb that my back door wa lock ( safeti first , kid ! ) and that in order to get home I 'd have to go back the way I came , round the corner , and down the road again . and by the time I thought of all the logist , my repetit wa over . later , someth funni happen on my 4th repetit : I start run , and suddenli the 3 minut wa over , just like that . I thought I must have shortchang myself or read my watch wrong , but no : it just went like a hot knife through butter . mmmm , butter . ahh , that 's the other thing . I have n't had much food today , which might have contribut to my near crash earli in the run . I tri to eat a toast bacon and guacamol sandwich for lunch , but someon realli need to tell the ladi in the canteen that guacamol should onli be serv ice cold . hot guacamol is nastifi . Oh well , at least there were pink wafer in the tea room . 
I have n't just drop off the face of the earth . I went on holiday to the US , where it would be almost rude to exercis . I 'm back now , and as soon as I 'm over my jetlag I 'll be back in the saddle/run shoe . 
run along now ha move urllink over here ! It 's a commun , so feel free to join if you are also feel fit . 
