ye i surviv not eat for 24 hour , I am glad I do n't live in a 3rd world countri . It wa fun , got to chill with folk do n't get to hang out with sinc the start of the school year . It wa fun . 
i 'm gon na work on my around the world today and hope get half of the paper done . then i am go to the 20 hour famin at my church . 
i promis that we wo n't have school tomorrow , which give me time to work on around the world . everyon need to watch the oc and chappel 's show . 
just got out of school , hope there will be no school tomorrow so i can work on my paper and go to the famin . 
hope it will snow . thank to everyon who sign up for the messag board . well i have to go to school , who know mayb we 'll get out earli . 
got the board up , now i got to see if peopl will sign up . 
I got cut , oh well guess I 'm just gon na go get a job . 
I am done with my chem project , first to turn in the project also , now i have to work on around the world , plan on start it on teusday , not gon na take a while compair the chem one . 
ralph , if you realli want to de-thron bush you'd stay out and let my boy kerri do the work , but now you 've made it just that much harder . 
tomorrow I 'm play wolla , holla . i should be a rapper . 
Ca n't play ani tenni , ca n't get up with chri wolla . guess i 'll just chill and watch a movi , might even go see one , but i doubt it . 
No practic , off to work on the chem project . from colleg humor tennag guid to pick a aim screen name whether you 're send e-mail or chat with friend , an essenti to use the internet is have a screen name that tell peopl who you are . here are some suggest to help you pick out an awesom name ! AE or AF - use these acronym for american eagl and abercrombi and fitch . thi will show peopl that you have rich parent and therefor , you are rich as well . and everyon know that if you are rich and wear abercrombi and fitch , then you are veri attract . exampl : ae_girl04 , af_snowboard19 420 - put 420 after a screen name will show peopl that you are rebelli and are cool becaus you do drug . they wo n't ever mess with you , and girl will flock to you becaus you are bad . exampl : sublimegirl420 , sk8er420 69 - thi show that you obvious have sex , A lot . other that see thi will want to have sex with you becaus you know all about it . exampl : sexystud69 , badazz6969 666 - use thi to scare away peopl . they will see how mighti and evil you are , and they will fallback in fear . exampl : death666 , neomatrix666 `` chic '' - guy are veri attract to girl who but `` chic '' somewher in their screen name . thi show you are hot and want to have a boyfriend who like to play comput game all day and collect star war toy . exampl : tightchic13f , cute_chic02 `` sexi '' - guy go crazi when you put on thi screen name . It say `` I 'm a realli attract girl that want to have sex with a guy I meet onlin . '' you can be uglier than chelsea clinton , but with thi on your SN , you 'll come across as brittani spear . exampl : sexy18f , sexyskatergirl `` gurl '' - use `` gurl '' in your screen name show that you are the cute girl that live next door type . It make you sound veri nice , but also a target of weird 40-year old sexual predat . exampl : fun_gurl_2003 , pony_gurl82 `` horni '' - thi show that you are a 40-year old sexual predat that want to find a young boy or girl to lure in and abduct at the local mall . exampl : horny_babe_696969 , horny4u 
well it did n't rain like clingerman said it did , so i 'm gon na go see if peopl are play out at tabor , hope so , but i doubt it . I am defin finish my chem project today then i 'm set to start my around the world paper . wow I hate school . 
yeah that new pic squad CD is veri good , listen to number 6 , 9 , and 15 . 6 Is easili the best . got the teacher recomend , got pretti much everyth i want but 2 ap 's and physic is gon na be tough if i 'm work ( which i most defin will ) 
tenni tryout start , i doubt I 'll make it , I got pound today by some freshman 
well look like 10 peopl are get cut from the tenni team thi year , hope i 'm not one of them , but if i am I 'll just go get a job . 
1 hour delay are cool , unless you still have to do like 15 chemistri practic problem . Oh well look like i 'll be in the librari again dure newspap . veri close to finish my chemistri project though , so that is good , but then i got to get start on around the world . 
Ok , listem to laney pope today she might have someth accur to say , on account of the snow fall from the sky . 
still work on the chemistri project , not that hard but still take a long time ( 8 page ) I got $ 20 and a pocket knife for valentin . funni i did n't know that violent weapon were a customari gift on valentin day , but I 'm not complain . 
like I said , do n't count on snow ... ... .stupid laney pope . well back to write a research paper on enolog . 
hope there will be no school tomorrow but i would n't count on it , last time wxii said 100 % chanc of snow we got noth . well i got to go work on thi chemistri paper so i can have time to watch the OC . 
write test are retard ... ... . along with chemistri project and most importantli project that forc you to travel around the world in 80 day . other thing that are retard includ ... . peopl that steal candi bar dramat peopl languag other than english the perfect score thing that are not retard includ ... .. the OC splinter cell Mt . tabor gang war movi fight club the boondock saint coldplay 
Ok noth happen that wa crazi , except I chip a back tooth , oh and I actual figur out what we are do in math . So you know who is the man , chen , the presid of taiwan . that guy fake an assassin so he could win an elect . now I do n't know about you but that show dedic . I mean if bush or kerri took a bullet for their job , I would support them . holla . 
So daniel who do you want to win the elect ? I get that question alot , ok mayb not but stay with me here . basic I when I wa a young and ignor youth I like bush , yeah ok he had a pretti good start , he handl septemb 11th pretti well , but the economi is pretti bad now a day and thi whole wmd thing realli is start to make me question our reason for war ( not say that go into iraq wa bad . ) I do n't think that he will win the elect but I would n't be surpris if bush `` happen '' to find bin laden around about septemb or octob , to seal the deal elect , but right now it look like he is in an uphil battl . kerri on the other hand seem to have alot more expieri and I like that hi is not so much of a cowboy when it come to foreign polici ( not that I realli care/know about foreign polici ) 
I final got around to see the passion of the christ . It is a well done movi and i think is gon na go on my list of movi you need to see befor you die . 
My chemistri teacher must think it is funni to make me stress thi much , I mean she give me all thi crap to do today , I mean it wa due today and everyth but still ... .the nerv . 
well I 'm final back from camp and all I can say is `` do n't ever let will bullin handel a gun '' he is quit the shot . now I got to go do my project for spanish . 
I 'm gon na be gone for the weekend , that I whi I 'm go on a post rampag , and becaus I 've had noth to do all day . 
I am final done with my costum for my around the world in 80 day project . I 'm gon na go celebr by work on anoth project . 
mani of you may have seen that my brother hack my blog and chang my pictr to one of richard dean anderson , or mcguyver . pleas disreguard ani of thi stuff . 
well my blog ha had a face life . now there is a retard pictur of me , i could make a better one but I 'm just way too lazi . 
I 've been total bog down in h/w thi week and thank to mr. mecham I have to do a project thi weekend also . ugh oh how I loath larg arm spanish teacher . 
yeah i 'm go camp thi weekend . it gon na be not fun/fun . not fun becaus the stuff we 're do is gon na be bore until we go shoot wich with be fun . 
I found out I got an A in chemistri , how cool is that . anoth cool thing is that I am about to be done with my around the world in eighti day project , speak of that I got to go work on it . 
way to go sean may , you alon drew 3 foul in 30 second . gener failur . back to my life : Me and will both agre that if your invit to the prom by someon you should be great and nice about it . becaus if your not we 're gon na break your knee cap ( s ) and slap you . Oh and do n't worri if your not great you 'll be spend most of your night at home anyway , that is if you can keep your date . I 'm not go to prom so thi realli doe n't pertain to me , but I still find it comial the way some peopl act . 
christin got in a car wreck , she is ok though but it wa crazi . will and I went to her hous , it wa fun we just chill realli . Go heel 
my dad got a new car ( camri xle ) so i get the 98 accord , holla . 
I made a 104 on my math test , now i just ca n't screw up on my test friday and I am free AT last ! 
well i realiz I 'm not cool like other blogger becuas I do n't post about `` meaning '' stuff . well too bad , they can deal with it . anyway , look like the messag board it die , but oh well . My b-day is come up but i do n't get my liscens till april ( hope , depend on my grade and such ) 
well basketbal season over , our team lost to first pre in the simi final , but we put up a valiant effort and i had a pretti good game . I 'm tire now , i 'm go to bed . 
I 'm sorri but the person who wrote the articl they are talk about in thi articl ( sorri if that sound confus ) is a gener failur at everyth . they say that pat tillman wa not a hero , just an idiot . I do n't care if your a democrat or a republican you should support your countri and those who die for you to live in it . pat tillman gave up a job which made him million so that he could fight for the freedom of you and me . So to the author of that articl i have just thi to say to you ... . get a life you wast of space . urllink si.com - nfl - umass presid critic student 's column on fell soldier - thursday april 29 , 2004 2:13pm 
urllink schoolzon not metaphor my favorit is `` He wa as tall as a six-foot-three-inch tree . '' 
Ha . Do n't you love it when peopl tri to attack you use a blog . It 's a joke , you need to get over it . peopl have joke about other peopl all the time . matt sedlack make fun of me , he even ha a pretti good imperson . but do i go and cri about it . No , you know whi ? caus i take it like a man . now if you wan na cri and be a littl nanci boy go ahead , but do n't whine to me . 
Of cours i am the kid in the green sirt , but and well i 'll have a set charect for alex and adam but the rest of them you just have to decid for yourselv who they are . 
thi guy is a street hokey god . serious if you can do thi show me , i 'll give you 20 buck just to see it . urllink collegehumor.com : new funni pictur , funni movi , and funni hotlink daili ! 
yea thi is one of the cooler thing i 've seen in a while urllink humandesc - > galleri 
are my pictu awesom or what ? urllink mr. picassohead 
who ever came up with the idea of a highway in the south pole is a complet idiot . No serious we could be spend money to cure cancer but no , some peopl think it would be more benefici to spend money build a road through a contin with a popul of about 6. urllink cnn.com - 'ice highway ' open earth 's last frontier - apr 12 , 2004 
final phil ha one a major , and everyon is happi ... ... everyon , but john dali . ye the pga 's good ol ' boy who claim that he wa gon na give everyon a run for their money at the master did n't even make the cut . but we ca n't blame john for thi i mean , hi wife wa just convict of money launder and he wa probabl smash by the 9th hole anyway . urllink si.com - mickelson 's major pursuit end with master - sunday april 11 , 2004 6:47pm 
ye I got my licens . that is all . 
the apprentic is the greatest show ever . I mean who would have thought that desk job could be so cool . essenti the show is water cooler drama at it finest . 
I be the 16 year old that i am have alreadi had my 15 minut of fame . It all start when I wa on a famili trip to nyc , 1 month after 9/11 . My famili and I decid to take a trip to nbc and tour the studio . the tour wa great but onc we got out we saw on the news ticker `` nbc employe ha anthrax . '' mom : `` Oh that 's just love '' well we get out and are about to walk away from the scene when my dad who wa alread tire began to pass out ( we later found out it wa also from the blood pressur medicin that he take ) Ok so i 'm flip out and the media think that I am a complet retard that think he ha anthrax ( not to say that there wer n't peopl like that in the crowd ) 3 day later i arriv back in NC , and one of my best friend 's sister ( who wa my bro 's friend ) call and ask if we were in nyc that week , he say ye and she told us that her mom wa in canada and I had made the front page of the globe and mail , one of the largest newspap in canada , ( the pictur wa huge too ) Do n't believ me , check out thi search of gettyimages.com http : //editorial.gettyimages.com/source/cfw/imageresults.aspx ? s=imagesadvancedsearchstate|2|15||0||1|||||0|0|0|| 0|justin+sullivan|7|anthrax|513023||0 I am the last row , middl pictur . Oh and just incas your wonder , i have that newspap still . 
I have to go take my liscens test soon , but I 'm not sure when . you would n't believ how nervou I am , probabl becaus I hit a car in `` in-car '' so I kind of want to redeem myself . but if I do well I 'll hope have my liscens soon . 
yeah look like I 'm gon na be the master of ceremoni for the fashion show on day eighti . I guess that is cool , but there are gon na be a ton of peopl there . So who is thi cool cat that is tell all the shiit ( sp ? ) to kill american in iraq . regardless of the backlash I think that the US need to take that cool guy down . 
Is n't my blog in spanish awesom urllink translat version of http : //catchyname.blogspot.com/ 
I got splinter cell : pandora tomorrow , and I must say it is stun , and the onlin is awesom also . 
So summer is final here . thi mean that I start work next wednesday and that I am actaulli gon na be rake in some dough . word Up . 
So i have 3 more exam to go . So far I 'm do pretti well , and I even made 2 buck play poker at brad 's thi afternoon . It wa quit fun I must say . 
got ta give prop to hank wirth for find thi gem . urllink appl - trailer - lost boy of sudan 
So as anoth year pass I feel like I have learn a plethora of new inform about life and about myself , so I thought I would share some of it : I can becom excruciatingli annoy job are hard to come by xbox 's are not meant to be drop onto the pavement do not sit near alex pento when he ha a full bottl of gatorad the OC rock true playa rock the daniel her look ( collard shirt , pot head haircut , cargo short ) poker is a great way to lose money la caretta is rater good driver test are way to easi to stress over the holocaust wa bad , but you get tire of it realli fast gandalf will not help you get out of the boat ( I 'm not a lotr freak , I just hallucin ) delux 247 is real 
So I walk into third lunch and alex is in hi normal `` hey there is a group of peopl , let make fun of daniel '' mood . I sit down , do n't realli say anyth and alex decid it would be funni if we got a black guy that could liter annihil me , but I thought he realli wa n't gon na act on it , that wa until john kincaid open hi mouth . john : hey jeremi come over here '' jeremi ( black guy ) : what up neal : thi kid ( point at me ) wa talk trash about you jeremi : what ? daniel : Oh S # ! T jeremi : what did he say ? daniel : I did n't say anyth , I do n't even know you . We go back and fourth tri to decid if i said anyt , until adam kincaid open hi mouth adam : He call you a N @ # $ % R ! jeremi : you call me what ? daniel : I swear I did n't jeremi : hey corey come over here thi is where I actual get a break , I have known corey sinc I wa in 9th and I wrote and articl about him thi year corey : nah I know daniel he would n't say that . daniel : thank you jesu So after that I go into the lunch line and look over and see thi jeremi guy make a cut throat sign to me , which yet again made me think I wa go to die . but I wa pretti sure he wa kid with me . 
It 's So true urllink hahahahaha 
probabl a hoax but it would be cool to see if the creator of the matrix could actual come up with someth as good as the first one . urllink geiri3d : the matrix reenter 
thi is the coolest flash movi ever . urllink banana phone 
urllink xbox.com : : EA + xbox live = game powerhous So it look like EA and xbox live are partner , veri cool . but unfortun i now must go to school . 
So blogger final ad some new templat . In other news , I think I final got a job at arbor acr , wash dish for $ 7.50/hour . 
So I just got to think if dave chappel had a show about mount tabor it would probabl look someth like thi : 1st skit : world seri of pat ( for the black peopl , and nick jen ) 2nd skit : world seri of texa hold'em poker ( for the white peopl ) skit 3-7 : mrs. baili , an in depth look 8th skit : tyron biggum visit tabor , give up crack , start smoke weed 9th skit : mr. baili replac lil ' john in hi signatur skit 10th skit : tyron biggum visit reynold and becom an alcohol 11th skit : wayn bradi come and is overwhelm by all the white . 
well , i realli have n't been that vocal on my feel about the elect , i have state that I support kerri but I have realiz that polit are best left for the class room not a friendli set such as poker or eat out . So basic I do n't realli like bush but i realli do n't like michael moor . thi guy made farenheit 9/11 and he is a totali jerk , essentailli he made it to get out the anti-bush vote , not to realli look at the fact . head on over to www.moorewatch.com and check out what they have to say . pleas note I am plan on go to go see thi movi and will report back about what I saw . Ok so that it , oh i go the court date on tuesday , gon na be crazi down at citi hall when D nasti get in the defend chair . 
unlik 90 % of my friend , I am not in daytona so i will be here all week not do much until thursday . 
So while all most of my friend are in daytona beach I am here , not do anyth becaus the peopl at work gave me 3 consecut day off start monday which suck caus i realli want some hour . 
So I start work last week , it ok , I mean I 'm get pay 7.50/hr to serv peopl food , and usual I can leav an hour earli if I want . 21 day till my court date , that mean I have 3 week to acquir 150 buck . that should n't be too hard . 
So I got a speed ticket saturday , 18 over on shatalon ( that is a 63 in a 45 ) but it look like i 'm not gon na need to get a lawyer . appar in forsyth counti they are leanient on first time speed offend , so all i 'm gonnna have to do is take aliv at 25 class and then pay a fine , but it wo n't go on my insur and is whipe from my record . 
well i 'm bout to go down to the beach for a week , defin wo n't be post anyth , not that I have late anyway . 
urllink milkandcooki - barney 2pac thi is great , the best part is when the asian kid yell someth , it look almost voic over exactli . 
So I got my head shave on my chruch mission trip , thought i'd show everyon , pleas note i am terribl at take pic of myself old Me new me 
urllink He 's back ... . chappel is back , and he 's gon na be better than ever 
well I 'm back from the beach , it wa fun but I 'm glad to be home . now all i got to do is surviv the next week befor school start . 
