wait ... now dat i think about it ... dat gbc thing wa oki xcept for one except ... as i wa leav i saw a certain someon ... and i kno he saw me but yea ... he wa like the last person i expect to see ... y doe he keep showin up everywher ? ! ? ! ? ! 
ahhhhhh ! ! ! ! ! break 's almost over and i still got a crapload of hw to do ! ! ! ! ! stoopid stoopid me ... alway procrastin ! ! ! ! o well break wa pretti good ... pretti bore at first ... then talk to my cool best buddi in az on the for phone till the weeee hour in the morn ( sorri for fallin asleep on u 'll ! ! : -P u 'll kno i still love u 'll ! ! ! and miss u 'll like crazeee of cours ! ! ! ) and then went to grb convent center to help out dure thanksgiv ... then ate an awesom thanksgiv dinner : -P then friday slept in and then clean the hous ( as usual ) then went over to sophia 's and watch a buncha confus movi ( analyz this-actu that wa n't that confus , ameli , and vanilla sky ) then kinda end up spend the night and then went to kati mill with parent and yea ... that 's bout it ... *sigh* 
*sigh* my mind is all mash up ... headach ... there so much on my mind . i wan na get it out . i wan na solv some of them , i wan na analyz some , i wan na delet some ( the ring ! ) i wan na add some i wan na store some *sigh* i wan na tell some i wan na share some wow that look like some kind of poem ... haha didnt mean to . thi point i 'm steadi right now , not sad , not happi . just fine . i can add someth a lil more and i 'll be happi , i can take away someth and i can be sad . right now ... steadi ... steadi is so bore . i wan na be happi . like everyon els want to be happi . but i can wait . i will wait for the happi to come : -p . look for it doe not alway work well so i 'll wait for it to look for me . when ? i dont know . i just hope sometim soon . whi ? becaus it so bore be smack in the middl of happi and sad/depress . well anyway ... everyth ha been school school school , so not much time for anyth els . argh , im not even do that well in school but i know i have been tri my best . i just need some help . yay ! i get my tutor back next semest ! i will pass with fli color ! ! : -p until then i can watch myself at the edg of fail , it not like im depend on my tutor it just that lil thing are kill me.ah 
ngelastig : vikhoeria ngelastig : ahaha ngelastig : hahah moo iz vikgloria : lolx ! moo iz vikgloria : wasap anhela ? moo iz vikgloria : waspa inhal ? moo iz vikgloria : lolx ! ngelastig : haha 
at bmt ... ( bellair math tournament ... hahah me and lynna were say ... bellair middl tower ! ! and then some guy laugh at us ) oaki well vik : anhella me : vikhoria bwhahah ... 
http : //naucon.net/misc/tests/love_test01.htm 1 . you are attract to those who are warm and obedi . 2 . In the process of courtship , the approach that would make you feel irresist is creativ , never let you feel bore . 3 . the impress you would like to give to your lover is loyal , faith , never chang . 4 . you do n't like it when your partner is emot and/or too moodi ; and you do n't know how to pleas him/her . 5 . the kind of relationship you would like to build with your partner is one that you care not onli about the present but also the futur with your partner , a long-last relationship that you can grow with . 6 . you care about the societi and moral , you wo n't do anyth wrong after marriag . 7 . you think of marriag as a preciou thing . onc you get marri , you 'll treasur it and your partner veri much . 8 . At thi moment , you do n't have the thirst for love , you ca n't do anyth for it , you wo n't fall for it easili . true true true . ah true 
AH omg ! i forgot to tell yall someth . that night after i finsih watch the ring i wa realli realli scare right ? so i ask my lil si to sleep in the gameroom with me . after get all my blanki and all my pillow and my melodi , i turn off the light and boom ... it hit me ! whi AM I sleep right IN front OF MY big screen TV ? ! ? ! i mean it a big screen . so that girl can come through right ? omg ... so i freak myself out ... but i kept on tell myself ... it just a movi it just a movi . ahhh I heard someth ! so paranoid . okay well so then i pull all the cover up and hid and all . okay well i fell asleep after a while of freak out . well so it wa veri late an some how my si wa up walk around in her white dressi look pj ! and she just woke up and like with her hair all down in her face cuz she wa look down toward ME ! ! and my heart wa just pound like crazi here . omg . and then i feltl ike scream right ? but yeai wa tire and not fulli awak . an then she kinda push down on my tummi ... aw mayn that almost kill me . i thought she wa the lil girl tri to kill me ! cuz I just watch the movi and I didnt make A _______________ ( cant tell ppl who havent seen the movi ) aw mayn then i like jump and ran to anoth corner and fell asleep . hahha . well im not exagerr at all , that wa my horribl experi . ugh . then like my si told me she thought i went back to my room and she wa just check to see if i wa still there cuz she thought i move that whi . argh . so yea.. and o yea that night i wa so paranoid . everi lil nois i jump at . an my mom knew cuz i wa run all around the hous tri to find out what it is . hehe . yea and it wa embarres cuz she told a lot of ppl on thanksgiv when i wa right there..heh . and they were laugh at me . hhe . o yea , and i watch train day . good movi . hehe . a well so ... cow keep on cancel moo krew meet ! so mandatori meet over xma break : -p we have a lot of catch up to do ! i miss yall : -p all that milkin hehe jk 
what i 'm thank for : god for all the bless He 's given me my sister whom i love dearli yet cant stand my parent who i also love with all my heart but i still cant stand dem sometim - and i gess dere pretti smart too so when dey lectur me i 'm pretti sure dey kno wat dere talkin about my `` mama C '' and `` sister So '' and all dere wonder hug and alway knowin how to make me feel better my `` papa stu '' for drivin me everywher when he 's actual home my awesom best buddi in AZ who dont get mad when im super tire ( well actual dem ) and accident fall asleep on dem when im on the phone - and who listen to me blab about ppl dey dont kno but still act like dey care my cousin for let me use her phone to call those awesom best buddi in AZ my cooool church friend who alway make me laugh which turn alway make me feel better when i 'm down my after school buddi who go with me wherev my friend at school who make my day ju by say hi my hous my health have food to eat cloth to wear all dat other materi stuff happi turkey day everyon ! ! ( sorri if im kinda late ) 
it funni to listen to lil kid talk . you know , , , about the lil problem we use to have ... like mean teacher who punish kid for lean on the back of their chair and so on . haha ... well while my si wa tri to desscrib the ppl she talk about to me ... ehh.. you can tell she doesnt know her ppl : my si : balil ... uhh he 's like ... you know osma bin laden ? me : yea ? ? ? my si : he kinda like him . me : you mean middl eastern ? my si : no , he look like osma bin laden me : middl eastern . my si : no.. me : he from the middl east ! hahha and then today she wa tell me that she use to like the spice girl but she forgot the group name spice girl . my si : you know that group ... of girl ... i use to like them me : who ? my si : there a girl ... uhh ... you know martin luther king ? me : yea ? what doe that have to do with music ? my si : no there a pregnant girl like martin luther king ... . it uhh someth american me : african american ? ? my bro : whi do girl wear bra ? me : uhh my bro : is it like brace ? 
anyway so yea ... after talkin to sophia last nite ( ehh more like earli earli di morn ) i realiz someth . i 've learn sooo much from them . she seem to be abl to write what i feel . i ju somehow cant quit express into word the way she doe . i total understand everyth she say . and from him , after all the lectur and talk , i 've learn about the harsh realiti of life . i kno i hate when he lectur me but there 's some truth in what he say . i just wont admit that to him co den it 'd b like admit to my parent . but i still hate how he doe dat . i mean i hear it enough from my parent . i dont realli need to hear it again . or mayb i do . 
sportyaznboy : im sick rosali ... sportyaznboy : the doc said i onli have 2 more week ... sportyaznboy : oneo f my finali wish are that rose A La LA : 2 more week ? ? ? sportyaznboy : mayb ... just mayb sportyaznboy : my best friend rosali sportyaznboy : could come visit me rose A La LA : awwwww sportyaznboy : and i would die with a smile on my face 
haha im glad i didnt go watch the ring today . im never gon na watch dat . hehe yea im a wuss but o well . anyway i dunno wat to post ... my day wa so bore ... need some excit in my life ... think a boy will do ? ? ? haha yea rite ... boys=bad rite angela ? ? ? : -P anyway hope tmw will b a better day ... note to self : ( take angela 's advic ) think posit ! ! 
omg ! i watch the ring today ! ngelastig : ahh moo iz vikgloria : omg SO funi moo iz vikgloria : hahahaahah ngelastig : mayn ngelastig : so freaki moo iz vikgloria : hahaah i noe moo iz vikgloria : u were scream da whole time ! ngelastig : hahhaha moo iz vikgloria : u were like da onli one scream moo iz vikgloria : hahahah moo iz vikgloria : so funni 
[ some guy : how would u like to go vancouv wiv me durin xma m o O iZ s y L v : haha m o O iZ s y L v : NO ] m o O iZ s y L v : hahaha angela , give me a nasti comment ngelastig : `` whi would i want to go with a fat pig ? ngelastig : i might get a diseas '' m o O iZ s y L v : hahahahhahahahah m o O iZ s y L v : omgomgomg m o O iZ s y L v : hahahahahahahahah ngelastig : hahah ngelastig : put it ! ! m o O iZ s y L v : that IS SO mean m o O iZ s y L v : haha m o O iZ s y L v : NO ! ngelastig : no it not ! ngelastig : it actual a comment ngelastig : he actual a whale with aid ngelastig : so pig and diseas is less harsh m o O iZ s y L v : hahahahahah m o O iZ s y L v : whale with std m o O iZ s y L v : haah ngelastig : hahah 
*sigh* so yea ... realiz how stupid we are ... : -/ angela ! ! ! ! ! how could we be so stupid ? ! ? ! oye i feel so bad now . dont ever wan na talk to him again . but i dunno ... i think i 'll eventu end up talk to him again ... but still ... im hurt now ... but we cant make assumpt ... we never know ... even though all the evid point to exactli that ... but i dunno ... i dont think we should give up on that friendship just yet ... or mayb we should ... eras it from our past ... i dont think im readi to do that though ... even though i feel like it 's the onli way to forget it ... i cant believ we were so stupid ... 
mayn ... so tire . it rosali and me forev to set it up but we got it . yay ! well tomorrow i 'm gona go see the ring ! omg ! i hope i do n't pee in my pant or cri ! so i 'll be prepar , pee befor and bring tissu and a blanket ! hhaha . replac blanket with big jacket to hide under . i hope it wont scar me for life . anyway ... *** is such a ***** ! ! ! argh . i just wan na ... *scunch up face , cup hand together* moo krew ! ! ! : ) 
cyan425 : ok cyan425 : wat the deal rose A La LA : wait think she got it cyan425 : o ok cyan425 : man , i 'm awesom at help cyan425 : i do n't even need to say anyth and the person just get the answer cyan425 : must be y i 'm a geniu haha ... angela u 're rite ... 
i will blog tmw angela ! ! : P been type stoopid histori all night so i 'll blog tmw besid ... angela u kno most of it anyway : ) 
well..i final actual get to type in here . friday ! ye ! i feel happi today . heheh . all smiley : ) : ) except 3 thing that kinda made my day not so great . hehe . orchestra ... dangit ... whi doe isador not like me..argh ... 67 ! ! humph ! o well i screw up but i idnt want to start all over ... and then after school i cant get the tempo when we were practic butterfli lover . made me kina mad but o well , my fault . i havent practic it . hmm what els ... o yea and danc ... mayn i like actual practic but when we got up there heather and them kinda mess up so judi and i were like.. sucki with them . *sigh* byeby ad danc . OO good things.. well i think i did prertti well on the chem test * cross fingers* plz plz plz i want an A ! so desper for one ... im fail ! well and then i got 2 good grade in alg that brought my d to a b. pretti cool huh ? smiley ! hheeh . wong lee hom is so good ... hi good song s are the best but hi bad song suck . hahah . van is cool too . energi : -p christma is come up ... chrisma present ... what to get yall ? i wan na get stuff for everyon ... but im brokish so i got ta be a lil cheap but thought . hehe . need to go xma shop . hehe . *sigh* i want to spill my gut to ppl but i just dont know if i can trust them ... so now.. : X ofcours i have one person that i complet trust ... that all i need for now.. just one . *sigh* 
ngelastig : chem chem chem moo iz vikgloria : ugh ngelastig : kill kill killkil moo iz vikgloria : compsci compsci compsci ngelastig : kil killkil moo iz vikgloria : die die die ngelastig : *stab stab moo iz vikgloria : lolx ! ngelastig : murder ngelastig : *muhahahhaha ngelastig : *kick kick ngelastig : *punch moo iz vikgloria : ... moo iz vikgloria : *move away slowli ngelastig : haha 
jdavii : it ok..i miss my collg deadlines.. jdavii : which is pretti funni come to think of it jdavii : hmm..not realli ngelastig : hahha ngelastig : that what ms ting tol us ngelastig : but you can get into almost ani colleg ngelastig : smarti pant ngelastig : i want some smarti pant jdavii : wut ? ngelastig : i wonder where you buy em jdavii : hahahaha jdavii : good one ! m o O iZ s y L v : hahah m o O iZ s y L v : they 're on sale m o O iZ s y L v : at foley 's ! ! ! m o O iZ s y L v : well ilt 's for a low price of 9.99 m o O iZ s y L v : get ur pair now ! ! m o O iZ s y L v : *winks* m o O iZ s y L v : *holdsup pair of pants* m o O iZ s y L v : hahahah ngelastig : hahhaha ngelastig : wow , they do make me smarter m o O iZ s y L v : wut 's sexi ? smarti pant pant ! ! ! ngelastig : hahahah m o O iZ s y L v : haha *on old navi commercial* m o O iZ s y L v : have u seen those ? m o O iZ s y L v : about the leopard pull over ? m o O iZ s y L v : hahaahaahah ngelastig : yup m o O iZ s y L v : hahaha well these smarti pant are for girl m o O iZ s y L v : and babi girl m o O iZ s y L v : hahahahah ngelastig : hey ngelastig : if you remmeb ch 7 part 3 test , what are the multipl choic like ? ngelastig : term ? or problem cyan425 : hey ngelastig : i think problem ngelastig : okay ngelastig : nvm cyan425 : ok cyan425 : hm ... i 'm realli good at answer ur question cyan425 : i do n't even say anyth and u understand cyan425 : : -P 
jdavii : angela angela angela angela.. ngelastig : alex alex alex xela ngelastig : xela ngelastig : xela ngelastig : that so coo ; l jdavii : xela ? ngelastig : xela ngelastig : xela ngelastig : alex ! jdavii : alegna jdavii : ha-sound norwegian or smthng ngelastig : haha ngelastig : yeah ngelastig : rene said itt soun like some kind of beer jdavii : sound like name of algae.. jdavii : which remind u of a pond.. jdavii : which remind of a duck jdavii : which renind u of a duck ... jdavii : which remind u of ugly.. jdavii : wow everth tie together.. jdavii : jkjkjkjk jdavii : hehe sorri ? yup alway remin me that im ugli ... he old . 
my bro and i in the dine room studi : he studi bio im studi chem my bro : can you explain to me all that mitosi and meiosi stuff ? me : o uhh ... . i dont rememb , i use to know ... o just look through your bk , and liook through the cliff notes.. youll get it my bro : uh okay . [ few sec later ] me : i wish i had a bigger sibl to help me chem ! AH i hate thi chem stuff my bro : *lol* well i dont have one either ! 
i have so much to say but i dont feel like blog ... i 'll blog later ... 
angela 's scari movi list : 1 . ) the ring 2 . ) resid evil ... .m o O iZ s y L v : gosh resid evil wa not scari 3 . ) sixth sens 4 . ) what lie beneath ... ngelastig : # 4 ngelastig : heheh ngelastig : ye m o O iZ s y L v : omg m o O iZ s y L v : wut lie beneath is soo number wun man 5 . ) the other 6 . ) a.i . ( sad but sorta freaki . ) m o O iZ s y L v : ima hit u m o O iZ s y L v : that movi isnt scari sylvia list : 1 . ) what lie beneath ... .m o O iZ s y L v : i thin kthe scariest movi i have ever seen is m o O iZ s y L v : wut lie beneath 2 . ) sixth sens 3 . ) the other 
ahhhhhhhhahhhhhhhhhhhhh ! ahhhhhhh * gasp* ahhh *choke* ahhhhhhhhhhhh : ( : ( break ... ..almost > > > > > > > > overrrrrrr : ( : ( : ( ! ! dangit ! i have so much to do ... *sigh* what have i been do all thanksgiv break ? ! ahhh 
oki suppos to b studi for final ... but i guess i 'll blog ... ( happi angela : -P ) anyway ... gosh i hate final ... too mani studi group ... final = gayness..so doe school ... *sigh* whi is it that ppl alway xcept me to do everyth ? ? y cant dey do someth for a chang ... ppl alway talk about stuff they wan na do but they never actual go through with it ? ? ? wat 's up with dat ? ? sometim seem like i 'm the onli one who actual goe through with what they say ... i dont break promis ... i might forget sometim but i will alway do what i say ... no matter what ... even if it take me awhil to do it 
ngelastig : dpo we get to use oursolkuvik ruke ? ngelastig : our solubl rule ? moo iz vikgloria : o . @ moo iz vikgloria : lolx ngelastig : haha moo iz vikgloria : i thot that wa some russian instrument or sumtin moo iz vikgloria : ! moo iz vikgloria : haha ngelastig : A russian compos 
it tomorrow , rosali ... i dont see ani new blog . : -p 
okay nvm , i lie ... i 'll type some more . i 'm just happi think . hehh . well . aww.. nvm ... i type someth and i delet myself.. hehe the whole highlight all an backspac . hehe . i realiz that yall might find out my secret . no biggi 
man.. i just type a whole blog thing ... and i went to chang set and look what happen ! it disappear ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! well , not in the mood to retyp the whole thing again ! hahhaah . so nervou about tomorrow ... plz plz plz i want a good grade on that chem test ! pleaaaasssssseeeeee 
final are over ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! heheh such a good feel ... yea well last week wa tough ... but yea ... got through it ! ! ! we made it u 'll ! ! ! onli six more month befor we 're seeeennniiiooor ! ! ! wow ! such a great feel ... hehe yea ... so i got ta finish my christma shop ... hehe prolli ju gon na end up bakin stuff for ppl ... dont worri i bake better than i cook =P anyway hope everyon ha a good break ... mine is gon na end up prolli bein readin that book for english and studyin for sat ... fuun ... sux ... but o well ... guess it 's better than school 
omg so i like final finish that stupid extra credit for physic ... y do we bother ? ? 10 point on our final ... is it worth all the stress we put into it ? ? the gettin in troubl ... the gettin mad and frustrat ... feelin like we 're bout to have heart attack ... i dunno ... and even with the 10 point still dunno if we 'll get the grade we want ... i haaaat physic ... and den that whole site fiasco thing ... my gosh ppl ... think sometim ... *sigh* look wat physic ha done to us ... we 're all gettin mad at each other ... we 're suppos to b helpin each other rite ? ? btw ... thanx sooooooooooo much for those ppl dat help me ... dat 's y im still on ... blog and help ppl b/c other ppl help me : - ) anyway should b gettin to sleep now ... 
kae yea ... i dont get it ... y am i so mean sometim ? ? i realli didnt intend for it to b like that ... it wa suppos to b a casual convo ... so what 's my problem ? ? i alway blow thing outta proport ... actual i dont ... i ju *sigh* i dunno ... at least it didnt end in me apolog again ... or mayb that woulda been better ... =/ o well ... hope next time will b better ... oki i promis next time will b better ... and i will get down to the bottom of thi thing onc and for all ... no more stallin or avoidin subject ... ju got ta get it over with and then whatev happen after that ... happen 
merri christma everyon ! ! ! yea so i might b a lil late ... but o well ... final got in the christma spirit ... = ) but yea ... so today wa a pretti good day ... found my new hobbi ... bake cooki ... = ) anyway not much to say ... been a good day = ) btw ... angela i got your present ! ! ! and thanx so much for your present ! ! ! = ) merri christma ! ! ! ! 
i thought i wa learn a lesson today about patienc ... but it turn out to b a lesson about learn to b content ... to b happi with what i have ... satisfi with what is given to me ... appreci of what ppl do for me ... yea it 's hard . i mean like the past six month have been pretti tough ... my dad 's job ... some other complic ... time away from home for so long ( which made me realiz how much i miss my friend and appreci them ) ... start junior year ... stoopid studi for sat ... grow apart from ppl b/c of my selfish ... busi myself soo much that my breakdown came almost weekli ... but it 's oki ... co next year will b differ ... i 'll get a fresh new start . an opportun to improv thing such as my schoolwork ... an opportun to fix thing with everyon ... an opportun to do my mission on thi world right ... an opportun to get right with god ( though that i should do rite now ) ... an opportun to mend broken friendship ... an opportun to grow ( physic , mental , and spirtitu ) *sigh* next year will b differ ... in mani differ way ... dont kno what 's to come ... but i promis whatev happen i 'll make the best of it ... co there 's a reason for everyth ... it 's all part of god 's plan ... as long as i can accept that wholeheartedli ... pleas hold me account for that ... 
urllink 
my friend and i talk about boy my friend : but I dont ' know ngelastig : awww my friend : justm y hormon act up my friend : must push them done my friend : balanc them my friend ... but ca n't my friend : ... my friend : no ngelastig : hahahaha 
tonight i want to sleep a good night sleep , and final dream again . i use to dream everynight , but school keep me up stole my dream . tonight i want to dream a wonder dream . i wan na go to a waterfal with light and pretti flower . a good dream . unlik the random one ive been have call nightmar ... lil pshyco babi plot to kill me with their lil deform selv tell my futur husband and brainwash them . so goodnight everyone.i hope you have a nice dream tonight ... hehe . i actual said someth relat to our theme . 
again ! i hate thi ... i type someth reallli realli long and meaning ! and then poof it gone becaus i click on someth on accid . an now im not motiv anymor ... im fustrat ! 
i wish that thi world would b perfect ... that we would never b sad ... that we would never hafta shed a tear ... i wish that our favorit memori would last forev ... or that we could go back to them whenev we want to ... i wish that everyth would alway b oki ... that there would b no such thing as money that could make us greedi or whatev ... i wish that there would never b ani argu ... that we could all live in harmoni ... those r ju a few of my mani wish that are never gon na come true . 
havent blog in a while . it been bore thi pass week but it okay sinc it better than be stress out , right ? well im late but , happi new year ! i want someth excititng to happen . go hike or someth : -p hahha , go outsid an play , run around ... hehe . i guess moo krew meet will be postpon till sadi hawkin if we all go . hehe . i dont know if i should even ask someon . my parent tell me girl should never go after guy so , ... yeah , and plu itd be bad if i get turn down huh ? heheh . so ishouldnt tri . o0o ! i get my tutor back ! pan lao shi , but i onli get him onc everi 2 week . *sigh ... i need him everyday for chem and alg . hehe lord of the ring the two tower wa so good , i saw it befor christma : ) *sigh ! so good , it worth see it twice . hehe we had to sit in the veri front too . i got avril lavign 's cd . it realli good . 
now im ju confus the heck outta ppl ... i swear ... noon understand me ... they may think they understand me and mayb they do a lil ... but noon understand complet ... nowher near that ... noon understand how i think or how i feel or even how i am ... yea i dont even understand me ... i dont understand what i do ... what i say ... y i do what i do ... y i say what i say ... it all ju come out in blabber that dont make ani sens ... and now im do it again so mayb i should ju shut up now 
ngelastig : is it intestin ? or intestint ? or ? moo iz vikgloria : lolx moo iz vikgloria : intestint ? moo iz vikgloria : ur test have tint ? moo iz vikgloria : ur intestin have tint ? moo iz vikgloria : : -P ngelastig : hahah ngelastig : it blueee moo iz vikgloria : ewww moo iz vikgloria : mine 's green moo iz vikgloria : : -D ngelastig : hehheheh ngelastig : mine rainbow ! ! ngelastig : and silver and gold and diamond ngelastig : it worth million ngelastig : so is my poopi moo iz vikgloria : is it worth crap ? moo iz vikgloria : haha ngelastig : it worth a lifetim suppli of crapola ngelastig : omg , crayola ngelastig : but it crapola ngelastig : we can make crayon ! ! ngelastig : you know whi ? ngelastig : becaus it intesttint ! ! ! 
wow , i just skim at what we wrote . hahahaha . so young . i mean someth i total rememb . and other ... are so surpris becaus i realli forgot . hahah . 
took hour to recov thi blog . hahah . amazingli , it still here 
