hello hello hello again . It 's love to speak to you all . realli . let 's see ... see as my mother is off at work for anoth 40 million hour and I have neither A ) a licens or B ) a car ( though I have a permit and could easili drive anywher I want to had I my jeep ) , I am inher under hous arrest . 'oh , ' you say , 'but it 's such a love day outsid ! whi do n't you take the dog for a walk , or go for a bike ride , or read a book in the sun ? ' well , first off , I will not be take anyon for a walk becaus I am just now regain said gift of movement back myself . ye , I have begun train for cross countri , and it hurt . secondli , my dog is quit content to nap , and continu on in a nap way until about 6 o'clock when he will undoubtedli begin to go mad with hunger . ye , I starv my dog . He never eat . He is bone thin , and can bare surviv on the bit and scrap from the garbag left over from the feast last night . actual , he is get rather portli . We feed him the same two meal a day , it 's just that he ha n't gone for ani walki in a bit . I should go throw the ball for him outsid . but not now , he 's nap . and besid , that much physic exert after a long and strenuou day of , err , do stuff , might just kill me . and I have practic tomorrow . need to preserv my energi , I do . Of cours , the schedul practic wa to go swim . well , coach call it swim , it 's realli tread water for forti minut . but it is much more fun than drill and sprint , or even a long run . No , though . We ca n't go swim . the swimmer are go swim . wait a bit , it 's not even the swim team . It 's ... the children ! littl children who are afraid of the water and cling to their mother 's leg befor get thrown into their cold , wet , doom , onli to be met by some overly-perki girl with a long blond ponytail , enthusiast encourag the littl kid who are innoc flail their arm about to `` relax ... be one with the water ... and blow littl bubbl ... and ... '' So , while some children will becom forev aqua-phob , I and my fellow cross countri runner will succumb to the pain and tortur that is ... the DP weight room . again , actual not as bad as some workout . It 's just that , well , we did it on tuesday . and it hurt . A lot . and it smell . A lot . and swim is just way more fun . Ah well . c'est la vie . friday 's workout is go to kill me . sprint . I hate sprint . sprint are the reason ( besid want to devot my preciou time to the beauti art that is theatr ) I quit track . and not onli are we do sprint , oh no , we are do sprint on the beach ! ooh , it just keep get better . ( dear reader , you must know that , while I do seem rather sarcast and cynic , I realli do love cross countri . besid the pain , it 's a fantast fab group of peopl . It 's just that it 's veri easi to complain about . not that anyon read thi ... but I digress ) . ye , so , anyway ... ah ye . and , on saturday , whilst everyon is drag themselv up gaviota peak , I , in my jeep , will be happili drive around in lo angel , shop for back-to-school suppli , write ( in italian ) to sig . cical back in pragu ( or are they in itali now ? ) , and mayb take in a nice leisur bike ride around the lake . Oh , and shop for someth to give to ariel for her grand birthday spectacular that I know she will have in a few week . I feel like an old ladi around all my DP fri . well , all my freshman friend anyway . I wa just at karisa 's for her 15th birthday , and whitney hit 15 in march , ariel will be on the 16th of august , and molli - not until januari of next year ! howev , I shall be happili celebr my sweet 16 come novemb . A round of huzzah ! , if you will . well , I suppos I must be go now . I 've load of import peopl to see and mani thing that need tend to . perhap we shall chat again sometim soon ? baci , ~K 
So hello . I 've becom so fed up with my other blog that I just need to start a new one . I 've litter the other with stupid quizz and mindless babbl . So here I am . I 've not much to say right now , but I just ca n't leav a brand new blog nake , so I thought I 'd post a quick note . that be done , I shall leav you now . tata . -K 
