live from ohio , It 's youth night ! So , the youth ralli wa tonight . I think it wa a success . mayb not . We expect 200 or more kid from differ youth group all throughout ohio , but onli 149 were in attend . We start with the skit , which I 'll get into a littl later , then the activ , then we ate , sang discordantli , and had a sermon . the sermon wa great , done by a mr. jame hawkin , futur missionari to spain . the sing wa bad and not from the heart , then again we wing it when we do sing at youth ralli . the eat wa good , and there wa a lot of extra pizza and soda , some of which I brought home due to excess amount . the activ look complic and confus , but luckili , tim and I did n't have to do it -- instead , we got to make sure other were do it right . and final , the skit ... It wa geniu , or someth close to geniu . the whole activ wa basic a spi thing : aptli name `` mission possibl , '' I wo n't explain the rule becaus they were complic , but everyon wa on a mission use their bibl to stop sin thing like bitter and lazi by look up vers talk about each . well , the open skit went like thi : I , in a shirt and tie and carri a briefcas with a cell phone on my belt , start walk down the main aisl of the church . halfway down the aisl ( it 's a small church ) the phone rang ; I answer it , had a one-sid convers ( `` ye , I have receiv the instruct ... ye , we will be rendevouz at the church tonight ... '' etc . ) , then proceed to the front of the church . I laid down the briefcas on a tabl and start a convers with tim ( who play `` agent bank '' ) . follow the few short line we exchang , I pull out a tape , set it in the tape player , and turn it on ; one of my teacher then , over the microphon , act as the tape and explain the mission . she said it would self destruct in ten second , so I pull it out , fumbl it around , drop it a coupl time , then drop it back into the briefcas . there wa a piec of flash paper rest on some foil near the top ; I took out a candl lighter and lit it to make it look like an explos . then we exchang two more line and pray , and it wa over . At least , that wa what wa suppos to happen . and for the most part , it did . but at the part where I wa suppos to light the paper , the candl lighter decid that it did n't want to work . So here I am , hold the dumb thing and press the button -- click , click , click -- and there wa suppos to be a self destruct . final it work , and there wa a flash of fire , then we went on . next order of busi : I hate prohost . I set up the ydkj forum ( check the link ) on free.prohosting.com , becaus they offer unlimit bandwidth for no price . now I get an email say that they want a one-tim $ 10 membership fee to remov the ad . So I need a credit card and I have to pay $ 10 onc in order to have an ad-less forum . I do n't even *want* the ad gone , but I do n't have a choic . It 's pay or wave goodby to your account . I 'm upset about thi , and email them say that they need an option to keep the ad for peopl that do n't want to pay , but the stuck-up woman simpli repli `` we 've offer free host for year . pleas continu to support free.prohosting.com . '' grr , it make me so mad ... anyhow , I post at the forum , ask if somebodi with a credit card wa will to contribut through paypal . No luck so far , though . If I do n't get it paid in fourteen day -- well , thirteen , sinc I got the letter yesterday -- then the account is deactiv . thirti day , and it 's delet forev . So ... what 's a guy to do ? okay , I 'm about done for tonight with my rant and all . I 'll post again tomorrow night , same time , same place . Oh , by the way : priscilla complain to me and whine that I did n't put her into the blog , so I say : priscilla is a girl . there , I mention you ! happi ! good night . 
thi tape will self-destruct ... hello again , friend and stranger . time to make anoth page in the chronicl of blog blog blog blog . today wa an okay day . I practic more for the skit at tomorrow 's youth ralli . tim and I realli are n't prepar at all ... we got bare ani time to practic our line , and onli have a bare understand of the core of what we 're do . luckili , we 're allow to improvis , sinc it 's onli a short three minut skit . I want it to be a surpris for those who have yet to see it , so I 'll post up the result of what happend tomorrow night . It is realli cool , and if it wa n't seriou , would leav a lot of room for comic mischief . ( all those that do n't care , say aye . ) anyhow , we have mayb an hour and a half of rehears under our belt , so luckili it is n't too import , and the job we have to do will be done easili . dad pick me up today from school , and we went to my favorit toy store -- best buy . I need a new hard drive for my comput , so we took a look at what they had to offer ; I expect to walk away with a 60-gig 7200rpm hard drive , but they did n't have ani , and even if they did , we found a better deal . for about $ 20 more ( after rebat ) I found a 100gb hard drive . As soon as dad get paid , he 's gon na grab it and bring it over to me . I ca n't wait . right now I 'm run a 7-gig ... the new one will be nearli fifteen time larger than what I have . I 've had thi harddriv sinc 1997/98 when it came with the comput , and it 's about high time I grab a new one . I 'm giddi . now all I need to keep my comput as up-to-d as possibl will be a new motherboard and a new processor ( 400mhz is n't quit suffici anymor , especi to a multitask who use kazaa , flash 4 , and sometim rpgmaker2000 at the same time . ) ben fold is amaz . I just watch hi limit edit live dvd last night for the first time ... he complet turn around song for the dump from an upbeat song to a sadder song with a slower tempo and a differ tune , plu he ad a lot of extra stuff . I 've never had the privileg to see mr. fold live , but the dvd prove that see a life show would be simpli awesom . ( armi wa cool , too , I love the audienc interact . ) that 's about all I have to say , so I 'll close with thi : huzzah , final fantasi x-2 ! farewel . 
judgment day today wa a day I like to call the day of reckon , or judgment day , or happi chainsaw thursday , if you choos . first , foremost , and most import to me , I pass my biblic ethic test today ! I score a 94 % . that had to be the toughest test I 've ever taken -- the question were hard , but , if I fail , I would have basic let my pastor down , so there wa an ad sens of urgenc . but I did n't fail , I pass ! yeeee ! otherwis , kevin wa expel today . the dummi got what wa come to him . final , after the supervisor and pastor have been put up with hi crap for a long time , they dismiss him . A sad thing inde , but I have no remors whatsoev for their action . He promis the school in a formal statement that he would n't particip in immor and un-christian thing . yet he did anyway . He got so mani chanc to chang himself , and I mean a lot of chanc -- even after the pastor found out that he smoke and after mani , mani disciplinari effort , he still got more chanc to chang . they believ in him , and he threw it all away . what a dummi . and so I refer to today as `` judgment day , '' the day that futur were decid . I kept up the work and devot to god , and he kept up hi wrong way and hi misbehavior , and now the good lord made some chang ... I pass the test and earn the pastor 's and the supervisor ' respect , and he lost it all . piti ... So ... happi chainsaw thursday . I pass , he left . I 'm happi , he 's in big troubl with hi life . the lord giveth , and the lord taketh away ; in thi case , well , both . but now I have some american histori to bother with , so good bye for now -- if there 's ani new develop , I 'll updat . 
hahbhn-day I 'm baaaaaaaaack . today 's the first day of my real journal-i exist . today wa , in summari , a happy-angry-happy-bored-happy-nerv day . I went to school . happi ! My supervisor wa on my case all morn . angri ! I learn of my pass of an algebra test . happi ! I went home and did homework . bore ! I went to church . happi ! I came home and have to studi for a big biblic ethic test . nervou ! I 'm almost through with the biblic ethic cours , I finish the eleventh lesson today and will test tomorrow . I 'm scare out of my dress shoe . I 've learn a lot from the cours , though ; as much as it took away from my morn for the past two week , it 's been real help in teach me how to deal with life and how to live happili . god is spiffi . anyhow , I have a lot to studi , becaus I do not want to fail someth like thi . Oh , and edmund randolph wa in georg washington 's cabinet . ( washington decid to save him for later so he store him in there for safe keep . ) dumb statement , but that wa the main thing I forgot on my american histori test today . jefferson wa secretari of state , hamilton wa secretari of the treasuri , knox wa secretari of war , and dumb old randolph wa attorney gener . whi I 'm reiter thi , I do n't know . the youth ralli is come up thi saturday even . I ca n't wait . other than that , I 'm done . good night , friend ! 
ahoy , thar Be blog - part II look ! I 'm updat again on the same day ! king 's quest 2 vga is also spiffi . Go check it out . urllink tierra entertain is spiffi . GO there , OR get poke with the stick OF doom and lunaci ! ! 
ahoy , thar Be blog - part I thi is my blog . I do n't know what a blog is . Is it a journal ? ye ? No ? whi am I ask you ? I 'm go to write someth here . let 's see . etern dark is fun . It let you go insan , someth too mani peopl say they are in the first place , but it realli let you go insan . you get a sane-o-met that goe down when you go insan . oooo . lot of fun . I 'm done talk about that . now let 's talk about what I did today . I woke up and went to school . I am excit . what can I say , I have noth to talk about . So goe the life of the lifeless . ooh , look , potato ! 
smelli fish fin made the tea ? think of what tonight 's titl rhyme with . here 's three clue . 1 . It 's like televis , onli it 's grape or strawberri . 2 . It happen yesterday and I 'm realli happi about it . 3 . If you ca n't get thi one , then you realli do n't know jack . give up ? Of cours you do . tonight 's titl is a gibberish question from the ultim quiz show parti game , `` you Do n't know jack . '' and what doe it rhyme with ? Of cours , stupid , smell fish fin made the tea ! that is ... jellyvis paid the fee ! that 's right , my prohost problem from a few day ago is been and past , becaus the maker of you Do n't know jack -- who are realli happi with the forum I put togeth and the fan support -- are pay the ten dollar fee ! I email them and ask for webspac , and instead they offer to pay off prohost . not onli that , but they 're also go to regist and maintain our veri own www.ydkjforum.com web domain ! No more long url ! No more short-but-not-work url ! A real , live , .com address , free from our pal at jellyvis ! they have to be the coolest game design I 've ever known . that wa yesterday . I would have post here as it happen , but I wa too busi with my brand spankin ' new $ 200 digit camera . that 's right , we final bought one , and now I can take high-qual pictur for thing ! overjoy ! raptur ! So yesterday wa a realli , realli , way cool day . Oh , and also , I never mention that I found a place to stash mol . anytimenow.com offer 20 meg of storag space , I love it ! So now my game is up for download . check the deli 's pick ( link 's at the left ) to pull it off the web . that 's my post for tonight . life is spiffi . 
austin power : `` mole mole mole '' major accomplish today : I finish the demo for my rpg , the quest for the mean of life ! I 'm proud of the end I put togeth . I not onli ad the end , but I fine-tun a lot , like exp and enemi strength . I sat through the whole of mol today and did some bug test , which led to the tune -- I found 21 thing that need a fix . I fix it all up and prepar it for the public ; I 'm not , howev , go to put it onlin yet , not onto my limit tripod account . I need to find a storag place like i-driv use to be to put it up , becaus even though it 's onli 1.3 meg , I 'll run out of bandwidth . ( heh , I could use prohost , but prohost is n't free anymor . ) that 's all I realli wan na share for today . I got to boast my gamecub to my cousin today . It wa quit fun . So long . 
work , work , work ... current song : `` I 'm move On , '' rascal flatt how thing happen the way they do , I 'll never know . andi ( you know , ydkj host and jellyvis webmast ) and I had been exchang email back and forth , discuss the legal matter of JV pay our fee and all . final , after sever email to and from each other , he email me and said , `` look , whi do n't you call me instead of all thi slow email ? It 'll be easier . '' So , I reluctantli ( yeah , right ) land a phone call to jellyvis HQ , chicago . My dumb voic crack twice ... puberti 's been and gone , mayb my larynx 'll catch up to me someday . anyhow , we spoke for sixteen minut , discuss the board and chat about jellyvis and the host of ydkj and all . It wa a grand old time . So much to catch up on ... well , busi first . adam , jellyvis 's tech guy , ask me to port all the crap from the current board to a brand spankin ' spiffi new account . I download it all , and ... well , let 's just say , headach . here 's an excerpt of my letter to adam last night at 3 . I download all the file directli from the current account into a folder on my hard drive , and download both the perl and cgi version of the yabb sourc code ( partli as a sourc for default file , and partli sinc the newest version contain secur patch ) . I upload everyth from the old board into the new account directli ( make sure to upload everyth in ascii as per the instruct ) to cgi-bin/yabb/ and tri to run it ; I get a 500 intern server error from prohost . I mess with a few of the file , reinstal the default of file that could 've gotten accident chang or corrupt , and tri again ; noth . I creat a differ folder -- thi time name `` yabb '' instead of `` yabb '' -- and decid to tri instal the entir system all over again with the cgi version . I upload everyth in accord to what I rememb from my experi with instal yabb befor , and tri to run it . onc again , it did n't work , so I decid to give the perl version a tri , and made one last folder -- `` forum '' -- and follow the instruct exactli . figur from the footer on the error messag I wa get , I assum that it 's a unix server and requir chmode of the file , so I chmode each file as the instruct request , and after I had done everyth just as it wa ask me to do , I test yabb.pl and got the same viciou error messag . I went to the unoffici free.prohosting.com faq to see if they had anyth to say about my problem with the script , and I found instruct to chmod each file differ than what the yabb instruct ask , becaus `` that 's how prohost work . '' shew ! what a load of garbag . Oh well . I post at the yabb support forum . all should be well , if I ever get a repli . neeeext ... use a best buy giftcard , I bought a copi of danc danc revolut konamix and a danc pad recent . like , the other day . I had to return the pad a few time due to defect , but now I have a work danc pad and I 've burn 200-someth calori . codi invit me to a bibl studi that 'll happen tomorrow at 1 . I ca n't wait . one thing I 've alway like do is discuss the bibl with other believ , as I told mewd earlier after a similar discuss . It 'll be super-spiffi . mayb even spiffalici ? one final note that I wo n't touch on : my dad is get remarri . I do n't know what to think . more on that later . goodnight , saigon ! 
the old word are reiter again current song : `` smoke , '' ben fold five thi entri is n't go to be long . I point IE to blogger ten minut ago and it just now finish the load process . today , one of my first friend at my school , david , left . It just goe to prove one of my motto . life happen , thing chang , peopl move on ; ca n't expect thing to stay the same forev . the reason is realli complic and I 'd rather it go without say just now . but , my dear friend david ha left the school , and I 've probabl seen the last of him today . I ad a song thing under the titl bar . other peopl do it , so whi not . I do n't feel up to avoid conform tonight . thi ha just been an all-out terribl , stress , depress day . I want to end it with god 's gift of sleep . Oh , wait , I ca n't -- homework . overjoy . well , I 'll be off to do my homework while eat pizza and wait for the cosbi show to hit the air . note in advanc : I apolog for not chang the `` last updat '' thing besid the link to my blog on aim . I sign off alreadi and do n't wan na get back on . and I also apolog for the wrong code in my last entri ; I use [ b ] instead of ( without the period there , for the html depriv ) . the ydkj forum use [ b ] for bold , and I just finish post there , so I use it instead . I 'll fix it now . end thi day alreadi ... ! 
unessenti current song : `` goodby yellow brick road , '' elton john I do n't know whi goodby , yellow brick road is my current song ... it 's go through my head . sorri for the lack of updat . have n't found the time . I got it up and done friday , and the ydkj forum is now the lowest of my prioriti . It 's all finish and togeth again , just wait on the .com to be prepar . next ... one of the two biggest thing on my mind at thi time : the weekend . I do n't know . I love my dad and want to see him happi , but he 's get marri on saturday , and I 'm veri uncomfort with it . I like chri , I realli do ; but there 's just someth about see my dad marri anoth woman , somebodi that is n't my mom -- and furthermor , I 'm hi best man and , sinc there 's no priest ( it 's onli a ceremoni ) , I 'm read hi vow off . that 's a major struggl right there , read off vow from my dad to anoth woman ... I 'm not go to let him down , though . I 'm go to swallow my emot and do it in a happi manner . but there 's just inner hurt that I do n't quit know how to deal with . I wo n't get into the second big thing now . I wo n't boast about tomorrow until I know what tomorrow bring . ( not tomorrow per se , but tomorrow as in , the futur . ) I just feel unnecessari , unessenti , that everyth I 'm strive for is in vain . all the work I do , the hope I reserv , and the promis I make , it all feel like the wall 's crumbl down and there 's noth to inspir me to pick up the piec . I just feel like noth I 'm do ha ani reason and that everyth I understand is slip away from me . pray for me , I need it . 
one hundr two point six current song : `` hot blood , '' foreign hot blood 's been go through my head a lot in the past coupl day . well , one part specif : `` I 'm hot blood , check it and see -- I 've got a fever of a hundr and three . '' ye , guy and gal , for the past three or four day I 've been sick with some kind of flu or someth . tuesday night , I came home from my aunt 's hous and felt my head burn . I took my temperatur , and clock in at 99 point someth ... great . I felt like I wa gon na throw up . luckili , it 's friday night and I 'm happi to announc that my face ha not hug the toilet bowl . howev , it ha hug the ice pack . wednesday I had no school , my teacher 's mother-in-law die and sinc it 's a realli small school and everyon 's close to each other they call it off wednesday due to her funer . I wa n't feel too bad wednesday afternoon and all , and wednesday night wa n't too bad asid from my eye start to burn . now we shuffl along to thursday morn . I sat up and ask mom if I could stay home sinc I 'd been feel a bit under the weather . she decid to tri and get the best of me and said that the onli way I 'd be kept home is with a temperatur of 100 . she did n't think that would happen . I shove the thermomet under my tongu and wait for the woman insid to announc my temperatur . okay , so I cheat a littl -- I look at the digit screen and saw my temperatur in advanc , but nonetheless I pull it out of my mouth at 100.5 . I wa happi -- no school ! mom did n't realli know what to say , but it wa over 100 and thu I stay home . It wa cool that I wa stay home ... until I awok again two hour later . I spent all morn and afternoon in my bed , mostli watch snl rerun ( alec baldwin is aw unfunni ) and stand up comedi on comedi central . At three , I start surf the channel look for someth els to watch . I turn on montel william . rape victim convict a serial rapist -- the topic caught my attent ( no , I 'm not some freak that 's turn on by rape ; I just love hear about peopl bring a crimin to justic ) and that occupi my screen till 4 . By that time , my eye were burn up and water like a broken faucet , so I rest my head and tri sleep . mom return from the store and I took my temperatur . I felt love after hear the tinni woman in the thermomet announc my bodi temperatur -- 102.3 . mom gave me an ice pack for my burn head and I tri sleep . somewher in there , the temperatur climb to 102.6 . mom call the doctor and ask for her advic . the doctor advis her to give me some motrin . I took the medicin at 5:30 and by 6:30 I wa up and out of bed . I ate ( veal parmesian , yum ! ) and got onto the comput . My fever had manag to drop to 98.8 -- joy . time pass . At 11:45 I got offlin and took my temperatur . It wa back up to 101 . I end up take two more motrin pill at 12:45 or so and tri watch two of the final three episod of cheer . I fell asleep at 1:45 . woke up . friday . I wa n't go to school . I relax in bed for a while ; turn on the TV and watch more standup comedi . I do n't realli rememb what all happen today , asid from play metroid fusion and eat chicken-broccoli soup . I took more motrin at 3:30 and got out of bed at 4:30 . I fed the cat , drank some mountain dew and got back on the comput ... and here I am . So , that 's my last coupl of day . still with me ? good . I 'm sorri I have n't updat recent , it 's sort of obviou whi I have n't . So here 's the updat . now that you 're done peer into my life , whi not download opera 7 and see the browser I 'm now in love with ? It defin beat internet explor and look pretti cool , too . yeah , opera rock . there , I plug them . 
life simul 's a hoot current song : `` zelda : the music of my groin , '' by shael riley Do n't ask about the song . for your sake . life simul 's a hoot . john 's gotten me hook on the animalese-speak world of anim cross . that game is more fun than a life simul should be . Of cours , it wa onli a matter of time befor those peopl hook on video game and comput would need a life sim , and it 's onli those peopl who get full satisfact out of live a pretend life . the game is incredu fun , and even the `` real-tim '' bit feel appropri . for the first time in a game , I actual felt `` just second too late '' as it wa 10:02 and the store close at 10 , make me just two real minut late . It 's just the weirdest thing , a game that 's awak when you are . anyhow , I do n't have veri much to speak of now ... everyth 's back to normal and all , and thing are quiet . I follow up a giant post with a tini one . faretheeallwel . 
hey ! I did n't die ! current song : `` yesterday , '' by the beatl No ! I 'm aliv ! I just have n't updat , and for a good reason : becaus I do n't like microsoft . ye , microsoft tie into it . recent , well , not recent , about two month ago , I chang browser to opera , and blogger doe n't work right with opera . I guess they chang someth or someth like that , but now I can updat in opera , although the window 's a littl small -- anyway , I could n't use opera and would have to use IE , and I hate IE , mostli becaus it doe n't work on my comput , and partli becaus it 's slow and opera ha a lot of cool featur . ( you get spoil on be abl to move back and forward with the mous . ) So , that 's whi I have n't been updat . that , and my life is bore . If you must know , recent : I got into magic : the gather , I got into zelda : the wind waker , and I got into bed and slept a few time . I do n't realli know what els interest ha happen . steve 's gon na come up to ohio and visit thi summer , which I 'm realli excit about . I 'm itch to face him in super smash bros. mele . Oh , and I 've relaunch my urllink site , and now have a redesign and more content . last night I finish the bed that ate you -- whi not go take a look ? Oh , and I had a birthday ! ye , I 'm anoth year older . and for my birthday , I receiv two ticket to see the all-tim funniest comedian ever tomorrow night -- bill cosbi . I CA n't wait . ( thi entri say april 19th becaus it 's 1:30am , but tomorrow night mean the night of april 19th . ) It 's gon na be spiffi ! that 's all for now , I 'll updat again soon . now , back to my song . 
I am too a nerd . current song : `` A certain shade of green , '' incubu urllink take the nerd test . urllink and go to mewing.net . a nerd utopia . yeah , bill cosbi wa awesom . I 'm so glad we went , I had a blast . It wa over too soon ... just when I wa n't expect it , `` thank you , ladi and gentlemen , have a good night . '' It wa a lot of fun and it wa great to be see the man in person . I realli do n't have veri much to say ... went and bought a sliver deck in magic . I love sliver , they 're spiffi and use . but now I have noth to spend ... 
stuff and comput upgrad current song : `` bring back the sun , '' our ladi peac today 's just not been a good day . the start wa fine , the end is ... eeech . that 's all I 'll say . I got my laptop about a week ago ... $ 50 for four gig , 80 meg of ram , and 233mhz processor . I like it , it 's use , mostli for keep my journal protect and hidden . ( It 's also a great way to play half-lif . ) I also got a new hard drive from my dad ... eighti gigabyt as oppos to the seven I had . It wa all instal on the same day I got the laptop ( april 24 ) and it work fine . and there 's noth much els new , so I 'll just end thi entri now . 
the dragon at rest current song : `` mercy fate , '' metallica okay , so we did n't drop sbc after all . heh . mom manag to somehow get an sbc technician to come to our hous for free , to get everyth taken care of and out of the way for no charg at all . I 'm impress , dunno how she did it , but she did , and now we have our dsl up again . I guess I can trust it . As it turn out , brad found problem with our phone line . surpris , consid our wire are so old , they probabl gave mose hi phone line . furthermor , the modem wa shot in the first place , and the guy replac it for free . I do n't blame sbc for the problem ; I origin thought it wa the weather give us problem , but it wa our wire all along that must 've been jolt by the stormag . So now I 'm back on my high speed . I love it , and miss it . but now ... I have noth to do onlin . mayb I 'll go download some E3 trailer ... metroid zero mission 's gon na be spiffi , by the way . cheerio . 
urgh ... time infin . current song : `` yesterday , '' the beatl ye , I alreadi use thi song a few entri ago . but you know what ? It kind of fit . saturday wa wonder . I instal a dsl router and we pick up a wireless card for my laptop , so I could plug the ethernet cabl on into the router and have a split connect , the PC and the laptop both onlin at onc . It wa cool . the wireless connect rock , it gave me hardli ani problem and wa a sinch to set up . I wa up till five in the morn , just talk away , surf , use the internet from my room . then sunday struck . and when sunday struck , `` yesterday '' came into play . `` yesterday , all my troubl seem so far away ... now it look as though they 're here to stay . '' sunday morn , I woke up , and guess what . the dsl light on my modem -- off ! ye , boy and girl , my dsl just stop work . I spent most of sunday fool with wire , talk with technic support , scold my modem , everyth ... it just did n't work . the dsl light would flicker , and sometim it would stay on for two minut , sometim five minut , sometim it would n't even find a connect at all . eventu , I deduct ( ye , deduct -- not deduc , deduct ) that someth wa wrong with the phone line , see as our phone wa realli statici , but I wa n't sure . *click , click* monday ! I came home from school , and the dsl light wa ON . ye ! It work ! for about fifteen minut , that is . then it flicker , and came back on within fifteen second . that 's the stori of yesterday . I 'd be onlin for a nice chunk of time , then get kick , and then get on , then kick , and eventu it start kick me into submiss and I could n't even get onlin . that 's yesterday . *click , click* fast forward to today . I come home from school ... noth . the power light wa on , but the other were all off . No signal what-so-ev . and to top it off , our phone did n't work . It would be on for half a minut , with a bunch of static , then I 'd get a dial tone . that wa defin from the phone line , so I wa right that it 's give us troubl ... it 's just too coincedenti to not be the phone line . the phone problem and dsl problem start at the same time . not that it matter anymor , though , becaus after watch the modem do absolut noth , then turn it off and on and watch it malfunct a bit , I call technic support . guess what ? My dsl modem is dead . shot . No more . down the drain . kaploosh . We 're at a decis point . either we sort out the mani , mani problem with the dsl , get a new modem , and then go through more troubl later ... or , we kill the dsl bit and switch to adelphia powerlink cabl . I 'd like to keep the dsl , becaus I do n't wan na chang my email address and I get 700mb or so of web space that I need to hous file for my websit . howev , I am tire , sick and tire , of put up with it ! I want to get someth that work . dsl wa fine for a year , no problem whatsoev , nice speed , etc . but when the problem start hit , they were n't minor problem , they all had a huge payload that threw me into a boat somewher in the middl of lake eri and ran off with the paddl . So , I do n't wan na put up with it anymor . unfortun , until we get thing sort , I have no broadband connect ... but I have a solut . while we get everyth all togeth with what isp we use , I 'm go to sign up for a free trial of aol . luckili , my laptop came with a 56k modem , so I pop that in , threw in a phone cabl , instal aol , and got onlin use my uncl 's screennam . ( sorri , it wa my onli choic ... besid , you guy were in bed when I got on anyway ! ) that 's where I am right now ... on aol . tomorrow I intend on go for a free trial , so I can at least correspond with the world while we work on get togeth broadband . ahh well . that 's my entri ... huge as it is . that 's my last coupl of day . aie ... OH ! but befor I GO ! lucasart releas A trailer for sam and max : freelanc polic , their new snm game ! ! ! waa-diddily-haahaaa ! ! ... anyway . yeah . Go watch it . now . http : //www.lucasarts.com `` whi ... WO n't ... you ... just ... die ? ! '' 
'could it be ? could it realli , truli be ? ' current song : [ space quest four midi soundtrack ] We may have isol the problem . everi time it 's rain sinc we got the router two week ago , the dsl 's been kill . the first time , brad the tech guy came out and solv our problem . until it rain again . then the dsl wa kill . that would be my last entri , 5/20 . well , two night ago , my youth minist suggest I unplug our cordless phone from the wall and see what happen , if it wa fix . So yesterday , I unplug our cordless . after about an hour and a half , the dsl wa stabl . So today , I plug it back in after school . after an hour and a half or so , while it drizzl a bit , the dsl flicker back out . I unplug it . hour and a half later , it came back . and that 's where I am now . It seem that the cordless phone is our problem ... howev , it 's suppos to rain more thi weekend . We 're go to keep the phone unplug and if the dsl goe out when it rain , then the phone is n't the problem.. but as it seem right now , the phone is the problem . At least , the phone jack could be it ... I do n't know . but I seem to be back onlin now ... I keep watch the modem to see if I lose the connect . ha n't drop it yet , and as of thi write , it 's been on for half an hour . well , thirti five minut . So , we 'll see . 
the re-reveng of yesterday current song : `` yesterday , '' the beatl I am so mad right now . It 's been four gloriou day of broadband for me . after the tech came out and fix our line , I wa onlin again . IT all end onc more today ! ugh ! I do n't know if I can take thi anymor ! It storm again , and now that it storm my dsl flicker in and out . I 'm back on dialup ... again ... and I hate it ... Is it so bad for me to have a work connect ? gah ... well , I have thi aol trial until june 20 or so , so it 'll be avail until steve come to visit . around there , at least . I guess a month is more time than I think , so hope it 'll be onc again sort out . thing look so good , too ... We want to stay with sbc , we realli do . what are we suppos to do ? I 'm not go to keep thi up . here 's to pray we get anoth free tech if need be ... becaus right now , it look like it need be . sigh ... On anoth note , I 've modifi my layout , and chang the header color to fit . Do n't know whi you care , though . 
the world ha turn and left Me here current song : `` selfless , cold , and compos , '' ben fold five I hook the phone back up at three to call jessi today . My dsl 's stop realli kick me off ... it stop respond onc , but it wa differ . It did n't flicker out , but just kinda froze while the router tri to contact it . It 's now 11:43 , so it 's been solid for the past eight hour and forti three minut ... except that fluke . what do I make of thi ? It 's not the phone that 's the problem . It 's obvious the wire , and sinc brad the tech guy fix our wire -- not to mention the fact that our phone and the phone upstair in my aunt 's hous is screwi -- it 's most like outsid the hous . On the phone with jessi earlier , it wa kinda statici . the dsl is n't follow a pattern as to how it shut down ... it just stay on or doe n't . I manag a few game of starcraft with mewd earlier , too . I have no doubt that it 'll flicker off again . but for now , it 's okay ... and the phone work and all ... so ... yeah . I 'm go to bed . 
been a while ... current song : n/a Hi there . I 'm final rememb to updat my blog again ... so , yeah . steve 's here right now , sit in the chair next to me , look tire . He 's been here for a coupl day , and will be here until tomorrow , when he fli back across the unit state to go home to hi room decor with the color of hi site . anyhow , I 'm go to make thi entri short ; ever sinc june 4th , my dsl ha been fix . pete the tech guy came out and look at the wire , and sure enough , they were crappi . they were so mess up , ani rainwat would screw over the line ... so , yeah , it 's been fix and stabl , and I have n't been on dialup in age . and that 's just about everyth I have to say . cheer ! 
wooohoo ! I win ! one to nothin ! current song : `` tribut , '' tenaci D mwahaha ! these past coupl day have been wonder . first off , and most importantli , yesterday , I ask someon veri special to me out . I do n't want to say who -- it 's kind of a surpris right now . but I 'm no longer singl -- sorri , ladi , I know you were all after me , but that 's the way the ball drop . ( okay , so onli one ladi 's been after me , and she 's now my girlfriend . sue me . ) So , yeah , that 's great . second , I got my job ! final , after stall a phone call for a long time , I am now a mainten assist at a hotel . I 'll be do some janitor work and help the mainten guy , but now I 'll be work ! final ! money to go toward my new ibook ! and I get the hour that I want ! I am so happi about it ... and ca n't wait till next week when I start . I ask for someth after eleven , and the manag agre whole-heartedli . So ... money ! work ! respons ! tith ! woohoo ! 
tire and jade current song : `` emalin , '' ben fold ( live ) work is alreadi makin me tire . I 've onli been on the job for two day , but my feet hurt . poor me . but I 'm complain . I realli , realli like the job . I 'm basic , a janitor . I sweep , mop , clean the pool , help out dale ( the mainten guy ) , take out garbag , etc . and I 'm paid pretti well for my first job . plu , I 'm work a steadi noon to four , weekday onli , so I get my night and weekend . I 'm gon na have that ibook ! I went out and got a blockbust freedom pass today ... mom 's pay for it , but I 'm gon na pay her back when I 'm paid . they 're do the freedom pass year-round , now , not just in the summer ... $ 20 a month , and I can rent a game , keep it , exchang it for someth els , anyth I want for a whole month . and if I like it , I reinstat it and get it next month . and etcetera . It 's a great deal . tonight I rent mgs2 : substanc , but I 'll be take it back tomorrow and probabl get enter the matrix . I just want to see how substanc wa , and what wa in it ... but I 've alreadi beaten mgs2 sever time and do n't realli need to go through it again , so I 'm gon na go grab someth els . So ... yeah . I 'm sorta worn out , so I 'm gon na probabl get in bed . bed , at 10:50 ... a summer first for me . Oh well . 
all the children , siii ... current song : `` song for the dump , '' ben fold ( live dvd edit ) noth event today , except that tomorrow I start my job ... woohoo . I dunno whi I 'm suddenli feel regret about it . I want to work , and make money , and get my uncl off my back about get a job ... and it 's not like I wo n't be abl to get onlin anymor , I 'll be work four or five hour a day , noth huge . and the work wo n't even be hard . I 'm basic a janitor , and the hotel doe n't usual need clean . I 'm just afraid of it , I guess . respons . yuck . So , yeah ... that 's about it . talk to jessi today on the phone , again , and beat quest for glori II with my wizard . woo , now he is deathfoot the paladin ! yeah , babi , over 110 honor point . Oh , and last night I chang the pictur of myself at the side , to reflect the fact that I 've been in a good mood late . the other pic wa depressed-look , becaus at the time I took it my dsl wa down . the new one is happier . but , that 's about it ... so I 'll just kinda sign out for now . have a nice blog . ( By the way , the current song doe my no mean reflect current event . I 've just had that version of bff 's song for the dump in my head for a long time ... and ben make it hilari on the dvd , so , that 's my current song . woo . ) late updat : Me again . just post some last minut worri about the job . I 'm jitteri , and want to find out just what 's go on with my schedul and stuff . I realli want weekend off ... all I need is 20 or 25 hour a week . hope , 25 , so I still have around $ 100 a week after tith ... but whatev I get is good . I 'll hope be abl to work after school when I go back , so if I do n't rais the $ 1000 by the end of summer , I should still be cool . We 'll see ... I just do n't want to give up too much time with my internet friend . the few peopl I constantli talk to are pretti much my life . especi my girlfriend . so.. yeah . 1:08am . I oughtta go to bed soon . I got ta wake up at 11 . hrm . I 'm nervou . pray for me . 
what a wonder woooorrllllld current song : `` dope nose , '' weezer I feel great right now . just got off the phone with jessi , so , I 'm in a good mood . I start work on tuesday ... noon to four . I 'm realli excit about the job , I just hope the mainten guy doe n't schedul me for weekend ... but if he doe , I do n't mind , I can get by on a few hour of sleep , I 've gotten up for school and all okay , so . I 'm sure I can handl it all . I just ca n't wait to start earn my money ... check it out ! urllink the appl ibook ... 800mhz of notebook glori . that is my goal , to rais $ 999 thi summer and purchas an appl ibook . I love that comput . I want one , badli . I 'll need a new laptop , thi one is spiffi but it 's not too power and I do n't know how much longer it 'll last ... so , yeah . I need a new one . I 've had my eye on a mac for a long time , and now that I 'm get a job my dream may becom a realiti . Oh , anoth thing : I have a new host for my site ! updat your bookmark ( yeah , right ) . instead of http : //renomasterson.tripod.com , it 's now http : //renomasterson.shadowonline.com . My new host give me unlimit bandwidth , 20mb of space , cgi , php , cpanel , the work . and if I need more space he can give it to me . lorenz pleiss is a veri cool person . anyhow , yeah , I have a new host , but the site 's the same ... GO sign MY guestbook ! time to blow thi seafood restaur . see you all later . I got a job ! 
find therma . current song : [ big band , bebop , and bone : the grim fandango soundtrack ] been a long while , ha n't it ? I realli figur I should updat thi thing ... I 'm defin not get that ibook by the end of the summer . I wa just laid off for two week from my job ... they decid that they do n't have the money to support me , so I ca n't go back to work until jason , the usual even mainten guy , leav to return to colleg . and besid , I 'm spend my money left and right as it is ... I order discworld noir last weekend , and just order toni tough and gabriel knight 3 tonight ... all adventur game . I wo n't play gk3 until I 've play gk2 , which jessi 's go to lend to me . but toni tough just look plain cool . It 's a revitalz of hope for our littl genr . I mean , come on , ani develop courag enough to make a 2D game in late 2002 , and to make it realli , realli good for that matter , prove that there 's hope left in the world for adventur gamer . and discworld noir 's pretti cool , too . but that 's a coupl year old and 3D . I 'm not say it 's bad , by no mean . but toni tough is just realli refresh in that it 's brand new , pretti much , and 2D . I 'll shut up now . So yeah , my job wa go good , and it will be go good again when I go back to work . It 's a cool job , I enjoy it , and I get a good pay for my first job and all . but , whatev , it 's a good vacat and I 'm glad to have some more time off . I 'll be work the school year , too , so ... yeah . It 's a good thing , becaus I have thing to save up for -- castlevania : lament of innoc , and sam and max : freelanc polic , and full throttl : hell on wheel , and other variou wast of money I might find . ahh , the work life is good . By the way , if you like adventur game , visit MY new adventur commun ! urllink http : //renomasterson.shadowonline.com/advforum It 's call between adventur and it 's there for all your adventur game need , and thensom . So visit ! pleas ! popul ! annnnnnnd ... I 'm off ! 
and then ... I wa n't here ! current song : `` the I 'm No longer on blogger anthem , '' reno masterson well , looki there . I have a whole new blog . and it 's own by your truli , me , not their truli , blogger . So yeah . http : //renomasterson.shadowonline.com/log there 's the new one . Go . enjoy . indulg in news that belong to someon els . I suppos thi is a bit of a landmark post ... my last post on blogger . I 've been here for eight month ... blog away . memori are store here ... from youth night to the great dsl loss of '03 , to my summer job , I have eight month of memori sporad toss around in thi littl corner of blogger . I guess I should say someth meaning , or philosoph . I mean ... thi is it for renomasterson.blogspot.com . It 's time for a whole new era . So , after all the memori ... I guess there 's onli one word that 's appropri for my last word on blogger ... and that word is ... blaeh ! ! ! ! 
erm ... ahem . current song : n/a current mood : apologet Ah ... um ... haha ... yeah , well ... hmm , and ... ah ... ye , with the , ah ... and ... hmm . I 'm back . ... and I owe blogger an apolog . ... sorri , blogger . I could n't make it on my own . I 'm come back to blogger . It 's been exactli three month from today -- well , no , three month from yesterday , technic , but it 's 3:52am on thursday night to me , so therefor it still feel like the 27th . three month ago , I left blogger forev , to start my own blog host at my own web space . well , I post ... mayb four time there . liter . I hardli use it . I did n't like it . So here I am , back at blogger , becaus I need a place to vent my life to the unsuspect univers . welcom back to my stori . get comfort . thi could last a while . the first news item of the day is as such : shadowonlin is shut down . ye , the best host I 've ever had is go under . lorenz ha everi right to close it , as he did it for free anyway ... but still . I wish there 'd been more notic . bah . Oh well . I 'm veri tire , so I think I 'm go to go on to bed now . tomorrow 's friday , and , and ... ah , and ... and I do n't know how that 's relev to anyth . Oh well . sleep tight . 
luguuubri . current song : `` richter 's theme , '' castlevania : dracula X current mood : quiet ... where is everyon ? well , the christma season is upon us . well ... the christma season is upon you . It did n't realli come upon me . It snuck up behind me and nail me in the skull with a blackjack . where did it come from ? I do n't know ! I mean , I knew it wa the christma season , but it 's decemb 23rd ! two day befor christma ! and I did n't even realiz it until a coupl day ago ! where did decemb go ? where did novemb go ? Oh , I know where novemb went . It sped past as I push myself through nanowrimo . which , by the way , I complet . ye . I finish nanowrimo . I wrote a 50,000 word novel in a singl month . well , to tell you the honest truth , I wrote 12,000 of those word on the last day . ye ... the last day . twelv thousand . ... wow . It still surpris me . anyway , my novel is n't quit up yet for anyon to see ... I did n't exactli finish it as much as meet my 50k quota . mind you , though , I did do it . It 's just nowher to be seen yet . mainli becaus my websit is dysfunct . As I said in my last post ( about a month ago ... I am lazi . ) , shadowonlin close it door . I move to prohost . after christma , I 'm go to use $ 10 to pull the ad off of my webspac . see , I wa n't sure if it 'd be worth it to buy ad-free- , but see as my account name is renosix ( urllink http : //fire.prohosting.com/renosix ) , I figur that if anyth , it 'll be great for ani page I make , sinc it 's not exclus titl after the deli 's pick . So onc christma is done and past , I 'm go to use that $ 10 in my wallet to buy my page away from adscur . and when I do , I 'll be much happier . otherwis , you know what I did today ? I finish up fario 's first demo , that 's what I did . well , the first offici demo , of the fourth incarn of hi first game . get all that ? I have n't upload the zip file to my yahoo ! briefcas yet , so it 's not quit on the web yet . but it will be . soon . I 'm realli proud of it . It consist of world one , and the world one boss fight . that 's right , boy and girl , you get to take down king poopa with a shoe cannon . what fun ! what excit ! what a moldi loaf of bread it wa to program ! hey , it 's done , and that 's all that matter . now I have seven other world to creat ... I 've been play baldur 's gate and riven as of late . I have to get back into BG , I have n't play it in a few day , and I have to flat out explor more of riven . wow , it 's confus . A lot of wanderlust ... but it 's spiffi wanderlust . I got the myst trilog as an earli christma gift , sinc it wa onli $ 20 , and so as soon as I finish riven ( yeah , right , mayb summer 2004 , see as I 'm go to tri my hardest to use no hint ) I 'll be abl to play myst iii : exil . Oh , the life of an adventur gamer ... steve 's been idl for four and a half hour . I brb 'd to take a shower , return , and he wa idl . and ha been . and ha been . and ha been . and now he 's nowher to be seen . I bet he fell asleep . also , mewd is complet unawar of the eleph I bought him for christma . mwahahaha ! He 'll never see it come ! well , he will , sinc it 's rather larg , but he doe n't suspect a thing . now let 's hope he doe n't read my blog . merri christma , everyon . tomorrow I 'm go to my dad 's hous for christma eve , and return on christma morn . I 'll probabl blog again post-christma ... unless , that is , I get realli bore on christma eve and end up get onlin or someth . but I 'll probabl end up devot my time to sit in front of the TV , play someth that 's compat with my laptop . I wonder what riven 's system requir are ... edit : aha ! ludwiggi ime me ! somebodi TO talk TO ! 
2004 , I like you alreadi current song : `` brain damag , '' pink floyd current mood : much happier see ? see ? 2004 fi ... fi ... repair my laptop problem . ( sorri , a certain key of mine come betwen z and c is not work at the moment . ) It wa a stupid solut . A veri stupid solut . I 'd done everyth I usual did to correct the problem . you know what I had to do ? I had to remov the batteri while it wa boot . that 's right . while it wa boot . and it work like a charm . well , almost . becaus now , after much knock around of my comput to tri and knock some sens into it , I guess I have a stuck key . see , it 's weird . My ... my ... you know what , lem me copi and past someth here ... x there . My x key doe n't work . In order to type the letter , I have to have it on the clipboard and past it in when I need it . I do n't know whi . furthermor , when I boot the comput , I get a tidal wave of beep curs at me from the speaker . after fiddl around , hit random key , the stuck key final give way or someth . also , for some odd , odd reason , I ca n't make a capit S or W with the right shift key . If I hold both the shift key and the letter down , then releas the shift key , then the letter is type in a bold , capit flavor . but onli then . everi other key work fine with the right shift . S and W work just like regular with the left shift . what give ? Ah well . enough about that . At least the laptop work again . I did n't lose anyth , thank god . I 've decid that I 'm tire of lead a life of pure digit entertain . It 's great , realli , but you know , I have n't read through a book in the longest time . thi is all go to chang . today , I pick up the one-volum edit of the lord of the ring that I 've had in my desk for two year and start to read it . let 's get one thing straight right off the bat -- I 'm not a fan of lotr . I do n't hate it , either . I do n't have ani feel for it . I 've seen the first two movi , the second half-heartedli , and rememb neither of them . I 've alway want to read the book , but , let 's face it , I have troubl read . for as much as I love write , I have troubl read book . I read word just fine . I do n't have ani kind of defici or anyth . I just have troubl pictur thing in book . I 'm tri hard to get over that . I think it 's becaus I tri to pictur what the author pictur and fail miser , instead of issu everi charact and place it own characterist accord to my imagin . I 'm tri to do more of that imagin stuff . So , I 'm read lotr for three reason : 1 , becaus I 'm tire of feel like an idiot and say that I have troubl read the book . B , becaus I want to read the book and all . and iii , becaus I 'm tire of peopl watch the movi then claim to be fan becaus it 's trendi . honestli , face it ! lotr is trendi now . It 's popular , it 's up there . someth onc reserv to geek is now a nationwid phenomenon . I do n't have a problem with fantasi or lotr or geekhood at all , mind you , but it 's stupid how peopl are get into it just so they can fit in . the movi are great . they 're epic , they 're detail , the act is great , the fantasi come to life . I do n't have a problem with the movi . get that out of your head right now : I have noth wrong with lotr . and I do n't have anyth wrong with peopl who watch the movi and becom fan through those movi . but mani peopl I know are onli into it becaus their friend are . they claim to be fan , but it 's onli a front so peopl will like them . thi is whi I want to read the book . befor I get into the movi , I want to read the book . It 's an american stereotyp to watch the movi instead of the book , and I do n't want to fall into that stereotyp . movi are wonder , but they should n't replac the book they 're base on . In my humbl opinion , befor you go spout off about how huge of a fan you are of the lotr seri , you have to have at least a desir to read the book . josh is a big lotr fan , but he ha n't read the book . howev , he want to read the book . that 's an entir differ stori . If you 're go to be a fan , be a fan of the whole thing , and not just the movi becaus the movi is trendi and all of your friend like it ! ... huff , huff ... ... I 'm go back to read . 
one final curv current song : `` the stranger , '' billi joel current mood : ... well , 2003 ha thrown one last hurdl right at my face . while talk to jessi and mewd , I hit that littl switch next to my cd-rom drive that eject the drive from the laptop , which alway throw my comput into an instant suspend , and when I take it out of suspend , it 's frozen . now , thi ha happen . often . and when it doe , I just unplug it , take out the batteri , then put both power sourc back in and reboot it . not thi time . the laptop no longer turn on . the light'sll go on and the hard drive will start to creak , but that 's the end of it . monitor never even turn on . I do n't know whi . judg from the circumst , it doe n't look like a viru or anyth . for one , thi ha happen befor , just ... not for quit thi long . two , thi happen becaus of my hit the switch . I think it might just be becaus the comput is a bit overh -- I alway put it in suspend and never in shut-down , and just restart when I have to . els , I do n't know . I have the batteri out and the power unplug . I 'll plug it back in later . At the end of novemb , I had to reformat thank to a softwar problem in which my sound poof away . As such , I have everyth from april 26th up till novemb 26th save . 800mb of backup on the PC . unfortun , everyth from novemb 26th up 'till now is gone . My sne rom collect , for instanc . Oh , and my websit . yeah , that 's gone too . not to mention my progress in riven and gk2 , and countless other trinket I 've download sinc . rememb that save file I never told you about where I had almost beaten zero wing in round three ? gone . thi is a major letdown . No , ca n't let that mindfram get a hold of me . I will fix that laptop . I do n't know how , but it will get fix . somehow . anyhow . It will . It must . It ha to . and no , I 'm not go to apolog to you , 2003 . I 'll let 2004 be the year I fix it . 
the end of an era current song : `` bob , '' weird Al current mood : pensiv well , I 'm feel a lot better today than I wa last night . I do n't know what got over me . jessi left to take a shower , and the whole time I just stare at her IM , wait for her to come back , while listen to dark side of the moon . I tri to pull myself away , but I just kept stare ... and stare ... and stare ... and ... augh ! I got depress ! help ! help ! getitoff ! anyway , I did n't start thi entri to write that . I came to write about 2003 . first off , the obligatori paragraph entitl `` where did the time Go ( I 'm get old ) '' that start these kind of post . where did the time Go ( I 'm get old ) well ? where did it go ? you know , 2003 's been aw funni . It seem like the year zip by . I feel like I just took down the christma tree at the end of last christma . I feel like my dad just marri my stepmom . I feel like I just had that sixteenth birthday parti . I feel like I just saw my uncl at the super bowl parti two month ago . and yet , at the same time , I feel like 2003 should n't be end . serious . I feel like it 's been 2003 for age , and that it should n't chang just yet . whi ? I do n't know . that 's whi I 'm rant about it . thi year feel so funki . now , on to the meat of the blog entri : what a freakin ' year . lesse ... 2003 . what all happen ? well , my dad got marri to my stepmom in februrari . I turn sixteen in april . I got my domain name ( mwahaha ) . well , first I move to shadowonlin . then I left it and got my domain name . I had a job , for three week , then I got fire . steve came to visit for a few day and put me to shame in smash bros. mele . and most importantli , on june 23rd , jessi and I start date . It 's been six month sinc we start now ... wow . that shot by , fast . hmm . realli fast . well , we 're about to head out to dinner at the oliv garden now . I still have to write a letter to jessi tell her that I might not be on till later . anyway , that 's my featureett on 2003 ... see you next year , hoser ! *set up a bomb next to 2003* 
I 'll see you on the dark side of the moon current song : `` eclips , '' pink floyd current mood : melancholi I do n't feel all that great right now . dunno whi . just down . all that you touch all that you see all that you tast all that you feel all that you love all that you hate all you distrust all that you save all that you give all that you deal all that you buy beg , borrow or steal all you creat all you destroy all that you do all that you say all that you eat everyon you meet all that you slight everyon you fight all that is now all that is gone all that 's to come and everyth under the sun is in tune but the sun is eclips by the moon . 
the lunat is in my head current song : CD : `` the dark side of the moon , '' pink floyd current mood : veri , veri lost what ? who ? Me ? No . you ? whi ? sure . huh ? Oh . No . No ! wait . what ? exactli . I 've been listen to the dark side of the moon for hour tonight , and it 's realli get to me . the music is ... confus . I feel lost . It 's entranc , and veri eeri . compel , too . I 'm quit lost . did n't I alreadi say that ? Oh . ye . right . hmm . 
It 's decemb 29th ! you know what that mean . current song : n/a current mood : reliev what doe it mean ? that it 's decemb 29th , of cours . yaargh . At 9:20 or so , tragedi struck : a stinkin ' search page screw over internet explor . I could n't visit ani websit -- anyth I 'd stuff into my address bar would be disregard and instead would take me to the same search page . I virus-scan . I ad-awar twice . I reinstal ie6 . I muck about in the registri . At 10:30-ish , I left to watch My cousin vinni with mom -- such a great movi . ( thank , steve ! ) 12:50 I came back , and went back to it . and about fifteen minut ago -- around 2:40 -- I solv my dilemma . As it turn out , I wa n't scan deep enough into the registri . I found a bunch of wmmse.com string in there , so I delet all of them . stupid thing . Of cours , in the process , I accident kill the string that told IE to put http : // in front of a url by default . So while I solv one problem , I had anoth to deal with . anoth reinstal of IE fix it easi , though . So , merri christma , everyon ! christma wa wonder for me . rememb that webspac ordeal I had in my last post ? well , for christma , my brother gave me a great gift -- he order a premium webhost packag for me . I now have 50mb of space , 10gb bandwidth , and a ton of extra featur , includ php and all that jazz . the best part about it ? mwahaha -- the fact that my new url is urllink www.thedelispick.com . ye , I have a dot com . I 'm rearrang the site again -- my last redesign is way too heavi on the tabl , and I want a differ look . that one doe n't satisfi me . It 's sort of the same , just ... just ... differ . you 'll see . eventu . anyhow , I 'm back to watch the cosbi show marathon and work on my site . stupid wmmse.com ... steal half of my night ... 
aaaaaaaargh current song : n/a current mood : half-asleep It 's seven am ... I just woke up from two nightmar . urgh . I decid to go to bed on time last night , and end up wake up around four or so . I wa pretti thirsti , so I had some orang soda . I woke mom up , talk to her for a minut , then came back in and laid down at 4:20 . I turn on the TV -- three 's compani wa on until five . good . close my eye . I could n't fall back asleep . I laid there with my eye close for quit a while , but my stomach had decid to just sort of rumbl for a littl while . I just could not sleep . eventu around 5:30 I drift away . I do n't know when I woke up next -- somewher in the 6 o'clock area . I had dreamt that the hous and build behind me had caught on fire , and mom wa out of the hous . I panick . I could feel the panic , even in my dream . I tri to call 911 , but everi time I pick the phone up , the dial tone would fade immedi . the phone line were get screw up by the fire . I could n't get onlin , or call the polic , or anyth . all I could think to do wa to tri and relax and play someth on my ps2 . I went outsid , and my famili wa on the back porch , with firemen dress in casual cloth work on the fire . everyth wa just fine , but I wa realli nervou and all now , probabl becaus in my dream my hous wa all rearrang and so it wa n't familiar to me . that 's when I woke up . fell right back to sleep . that dream wa n't bad . thi one wa wors . I wa at codi 's hous , and a lot of other peopl were there , mostli friend of our . I sat down at a tabl with codi and two other , and use the comput station there to check my mail . I open yahoo ! mail , and it wa all weird -- thi odd orang scheme . instead of it say that I had mail , howev , it said thi : `` chang made success : 1 . '' I thought someth wa up , so I click on the one . It said `` password chang . '' ... I had n't chang my password . I went to make sure it wa the same , and I got a long , huge page . there were ton of subsequ pictur with word on them from the femal hacker who had chang my password . It start with an obvious fake error messag say that somebodi had gotten my pasword , and then had some more jumbl . some said thing like `` Do n't say some stupid prayer , like 'god pleas help me ' or ani of that crap '' and whatnot . I wa pant hard as I read it all , and wa freak out . I kept say aloud , `` My password , they got my password ! '' but nobodi realli seem to care . codi just shrug at it , and everyon els wa uninterest . again , I wa in a panic . I could n't make sens of anyth . after all , somebodi had gotten into my mail account and chang everyth around . actual , it wa all as if get and chang my password wa like give me a viru , with the way the pictur were display . It sure doe n't seem like much of a nightmar to you , the reader , but man , it scare the pant off of me . I woke up breath heavili and sweat . I wa so glad it wa a dream . when my head clear , I rememb what yahoo ! mail actual look like and wa a bit reliev . after that , I just had to get into blogger and write all of thi down in my blog . It wa my best way of have the dream written down and be abl to tell anyon who care , later on in the day . At ani rate , it 's 7:26 now and I want to play castlevania a littl befor school . have a good day , everyon . 
I am the smell of fear . current song : `` drive , '' incubu current mood : relax I have n't done a lot at all in the past few day . well , I got my site up , and I 'm work on get between adventur back . Go check out my site , I 'm veri proud of it -- urllink http : //www.thedelispick.com . and go sign my guestbook . I 'd appreci it , thank . one last thing . pleas pray for my brother . He 's go to la vega for a busi convent , and he 'll be there for eight or nine day . thank . 
waltz waltz waltz waltz waltz current song : `` anyth by strauss , '' becaus waltz are cool current mood : beethovey urllink take the dead german compos test ! 
bureaucraci ! current song : `` the coron , '' falcon current mood : sick ? I came home earli from school yesterday with , supposedli , a stomach viru . It 's been go around . your stomach feel as if you 're veri worri or realli guilti about someth -- hunger pain but no appetit . from then on , you enjoy a coupl gloriou day of discharg , with either diahhrea or vomit . I had the symptom . came home at 11 yesterday afternoon , ate a sandwich , and felt just fine . So I slept . I woke up a coupl hour later , call jessi , mess around a bit afterward , etc . My teacher call sometim last night ; they cancel school today . ( when your school contain 16 student , it 's easi to get an epidem go strong . ) So I had a nice day off . furthermor , appar mani are still sick , so school wa cancel again tomorrow . thu , I get a weekend within a week . I 'll have one day of school , then two day of weekend . mmm-mm . I 've been play dougla adam 's infocom adventur game , bureaucraci , as of late . the game is veri funni , yet pretti hard , but it 's one of the onli interact fiction titl I can get into . ( surpris as codi and I use to make these thing all the time in eighth grade . ) It 's a fun game , nonetheless , full of confus and annoy and featur a llama and a one-wing macaw . ( for those who notic the spider-man 2 templat , it 's gone now . whi ? becaus it wa annoy . ) and so I end thi post with a quot from last night 's conan ... `` ohhhh , what happen ? ohhhh , what happen ? ghandi happen ! goodby . '' 
A monday for the mass current song : `` the luckiest , '' ben fold current mood : choke up warn . thi post contain mushi romanc stuff . If you do n't like it , blaeh to you . tonight , jessi spent hour work on a slideshow featur pictur of the two of us with romant caption set against `` the luckiest '' by ben fold , which we sort of consid to be our song . she spent a lot of time fix it up and creat it and put it togeth , but after it wa done , she had problem send the .ex . It would n't open for mewd ( whom she test it on ) or myself but it wa open just fine for her . We spent anoth coupl hour tri to resolv the problem . she search photostudio 2000 for some kind of help or option or prefer and I went as far as to download a coupl trial version of the program , all in an attempt to be abl to open the file . As it turn out , she had to send everyth -- the mp3 and pictur and all -- with the .ex . after she did thi , I start it up , and learn for the first time what it 's like to cri from happi . It wa amaz . the word were veri touch , and the pictur seem to fit the word . I wo n't go on and on about thi , as I 'm sure you , as the reader , do n't care -- but it 's my blog and I 'm gon na write about thing I want to write about , so there . asid from that , noooot too much els happen today . So ... so ... I 'm done with thi entri . bye . 
the expert art of stick figur current song : `` the coron , '' falcon current mood : exhaust thing late have been a bit quiet . noth realli excit ha happen befor today . earlier , I found someth incred interest . At the urllink janitori time , a fellow by the screennam of therisingsun had post a fix for the sci timer bug in the old sierra game , avail urllink here . for those of you who know what I 'm talk about , go check it out -- instead of slow down your system with turbo or moslo , thi is actual a patch for the game . you unzip the patch that appli to each game into it directori , then play it , and the timer problem are instantli solv ! No more wait forev for the elev in leisur suit larri 3 ! space quest 4 , one of the buggiest game in sierra 's histori thank to the screwi time , work like a charm ! the desert in space quest 1 vga is actual playabl ! ! As I write thi post , he 's onli got a fix for sq1vga , sq4 , sq5 , sq6 , lsl3 , lsl5 , and pq3 , but as soon as he can get a copi of qfg4 he 's go to patch that game as well . I 'm sure he 's also got other thing plan . either way , these patch realli honestli fix the game . the timer problem becom nonexist , from seriou problem ( sq4 's droid o'death , skate-o-rama , sequel polic , etc . ) right down to anim problem ( sq1vga 's constant head-swivel , super-fast cartridg retriev droid bounc , etc. ) . It 's like a miracl cure , onli it realli IS a miracl cure ! sierra fan with timer issu , check the patch out ! secondli , mewd and I buckl down and got to work on sandwich quest today . I decid that to get more work into my project , I 'm go to base my focu on one project and stick to that instead of bounc back and forth between game . I decid that the one solo project I have that I want most to do is the quest for the mean of life . As such , mol is my main goal right now . well , kind of . I want to focu my solo effort on mol , but I want an equal emphasi on sandwich quest . basic , instead of have sever project , I have two that are what I want done most , and those 're what I 'm go to stick to . anyway , yeah , mewd and I did a lot of work on sandwich quest today . I had accident delet the origin file back a few month ago when we were work on it , and so I start rebuild it today . We did n't have much anyway , and all the stuff that wa in the file wa still on my hard drive , so I manag to keep all the art and stuff . I have the entir first room rebuilt ; asid from that , I have the kitchen scene done and readi to be made into a room , and mewd alreadi ha a lot of the descript written . basic , I 've push myself all night , and it 's paid off . I 'm proud of what all we have , even if it is n't a lot just yet . howev , it 's 5:53 in the morn , and I 'm go to bed ! I email jessi a half hour ago as I usual do and said that I wa go to bed , and then I decid to updat my blog , and here it is , six in the morn , and whi am I still up ? sheesh , you 'd think I wa some kind of freak . 
I AM dexter . current song : `` decemb , '' weezer current mood : I dunno , anxiou ? I did it in 1 second . I deserv an a++ ! ! take the urllink how dexter are you ? quiz ! ! want proof ? complet unedit . yeah , that 's right , I have way too much time on my hand . 
sunday . yadnu . current song : `` substitut world , '' falcon current mood : happi I dreamt last night . and it wa a weird dream . I think I wa in some kind of game . but it wa all veri realist . I think I wa kind of like dant , from devil may cri . I wa near the end of the game , as it wa realli short . I told mom that I wa just go to leav and go back to do someth els , but as I wa walk down thi long hallway to leav , I had a feel that my arch-nemesi would show up -- and he did . He fell from the ceil in front of me . I do n't rememb much about hi appear except that he had these glow white eye , and strong , last-boss-lik red and black armor . We then fought . It wa a realli tax battl . He had veri strong attack , but I could block all of them with eas . but I could never hit him . He would spawn these ... zombi thing . onli they were zombi also wear red and black armor . they were tall and veri thin , and I realli could n't do much damag . I kept on push them out of the way , hit them against wall , elbow them and the like . I guess eventu I 'd kill them , but I wa juggl between then and the boss . I kept tri to figur out how to kill the guy , but I could n't . I think I had a sword and a gun . well , I know I had a gun . I could never harm him . He 'd do thi huge dash , then leap a coupl time into the air and wail on me with a huge combo , but I would block it . when he would run back to the center of the hall , I 'd attempt to run and hit him with a clotheslin with my sword . I thought thi wa effect , but I do n't think it wa do much . final , after a long battl , I manag to get him down onto the ground . I straddl him , curl my finger in hi hair , and pound hi skull mercilessli against the floor while call for backup . A few of my friend came and use some kind of ritual to draw the evil spirit out of him , and he return to normal . then I rememb draw my gun and say , `` No , I 'm not go to let you live , '' and tri to shoot him , but the gun wa n't fire becaus the game wa over . and then , I woke up . I also had a short dream about jessi befor that , but it wa so wild and passion that I do n't dare talk about it here . ( If see her sit on the couch and read is wild and passion , that is . ) anyway , it 's now 4:57 , and you can bet your pant that they 're go to be call soon for us to go to dinner . So until they do , I 'm go to continu listen to falcon . I 've spent the past ten or fifteen minut get my blog to publish onto my websit , instead of on blogspot.com . howev , blogger can be an unfunct piec of crap , and so it is n't work . I 'll just stay on blogspot . It 's not that bad . and it 's a heck of a lot easier than fight thi thing . 
you shall be slain ; all of you ! current song : `` just a phase , '' incubu current mood : fire up I 'm go to be perform tomorrow morn in church : a dramat recit of psalm 62 . truli , my soul waiteth upon god . from him cometh my salvat . He onli is my rock and my salvat . He is my defenc ; I shall not be greatli move . how long will you imagin mischief against a man ? you shall be slain ; all of you ! As a bow wall shall ye be , and as a totter fenc ! they onli consult to cast him down from hi excel ! they delight in lie ! they bless with their mouth , but they curs inwardli ! My soul , wait thou onli upon god , for my expect is from him . He onli is my rock and my salvat . He is my defenc . I shall not be move . In god is my salvat and my glori ; the rock of my strength , and my refug , is in god . trust in him at all time ; ye peopl , pour out your heart befor him ! god is a refug for us . sure , men of low degre are vaniti , and men of high degre are a lie ; to be laid in the balanc , they are altogeth lighter than vaniti . trust not in oppress , and becom not vain in robberi ! If rich increas , set not your heart upon them ! god ha spoken onc , twice have I heard thi -- that power belongeth unto god ! also unto thee , o lord ... belongeth merci ; for thou renderest to everi man accord to hi work . I especi like the second paragraph . I get loud , forc , and convict with my word . for now though , I depart ; I 'm gon na get a quick haircut then come back and play more of gabriel knight 2 . It 's realli heat up . anyway -- got ta run . So long . 
episod 263 : `` solicit prayer '' current song : `` that 's life , '' frank sinatra current mood : I think I 'm still shake just earlier I had a discuss with kat about god . kat , if for some reason you 're read thi entri , I apolog for keep you for so long after you first state that you were go to leav , but I realli thought it wa import that I speak to you about god . there is so much I have left to say , and so mani thing I wish I would have said differ -- it 's a struggl to pick and choos what you want to say in the flash of an instant -- but I hope what I said had some effect on you . If ever you need to speak to me about god , if you ever feel compel to go one step over what you 've learn in all your therapi and whatnot , to lean over the calic you 've built up toward god , IM me . pleas , IM me . I 'm more than will to help you and encourag you . I guess all I can say is one thing mewd mention : there 's a big differ between religion and god , and though your religion wrong you , god is complet differ -- and from what you told me , entir contrari to what you were taught . god love you ; I love you . come to either of us and we 'll help you . I realli do n't want to sound pretenti , but I would just like to stress how import it is to me -- somebodi that bare know you -- that you wind up with peac in your heart . I wo n't go into detail -- here I am , write in a public blog about somebodi els 's person life . I 'm not say ani of thi to embarrass her ; rather , to ralli a call for action . My christian friend , pleas , pleas keep kat in your prayer . you may or may not know her -- probabl not . still , god 'll hear you . pleas pray for her . pray that she recov from her ailment , though most are n't thing that can just fade away . pray that she learn the truth about the lord , and hi plan of salvat for us . most of all , pray that she accept him in time , that she find that He realli is the closest confid one can have . again , not tri to embarrass her or pri into her busi -- far from it . I 'd just love to prove to her that god and hi follow DO care about her , and the 'cruelti ' she saw in him wa an object of the devil . that 's realli all I can say about anyth right now . asid from my girlfriend 's birthday and my horrend pile of a day at school yesterday , noth terribl excit ha happen late . Go read `` the hide place '' by corri ten boom . great nonfict novel about a christian famili in holland that fell under nazi oppress in ww2 . the author , corri , becam a `` milit leader in the anti-nazi dutch underground . '' she risk everyth to save the persecut jew from hitler 's rage . realli interest book . veri inspir . 
weapon of crash induct current song : `` loverman , '' metallica ( been a while sinc they show up here ... ) current mood : excit rooter -- At approxim 9:30pm est on februari 11 , 2004 , the assault began on the dictat , error the fifty-second . presid carnahan gave a propagand ralli speech befor the event . `` the prepar have begun in our attack on error , '' he began , invok resound applaus . `` our troop will raid the swamp . they will find error . they will annihil on sight . thi is not a test . '' the oper 's treasur , known anonym as `` reno , '' finish pay off hi debt to the oper 's command , also known anonym as `` new rise sun . '' after the transact wa complet , the command began hi ambush on the unprepar error the fifty-second . At the time of write , error is in exil . hi land now occupi by the forc of good , he can onli manifest where he is unexpect . sourc say that error the fifty-second had mani sub-error , lurk in such place as the slipperi slope and near the wraith . command sun is confid that the sub-error will be brought to great justic . minut after the launch , presid carnahan claim that `` A full solut to the evil , vile , wretch beast that is error 52 is at hand . '' -- - amaz , no ? An actual news stori . huh . veri interest . 
So new , it still smell like lysol ! current song : `` wield my sword , '' nightwish current mood : content I 've chang thing around consider . I wa get onlin to updat my blog and notic a link at blogger.com about ... someth about network , and check it out . A click or two later and I notic someth about find new templat for my blog . sinc blogger.com 's suppli is aw limit , and I 've been want a new templat for some time , I took a look at the first link on the list of sourc -- urllink blogskins.com . I look through the templat avail there , and eventu , under the digit categori ( I wa drawn here due to my geekhood ) , I found thi one , like it a bunch , and save it to my drive . after a bunch of edit away at the sidebar and stuff , I present to you -- my new blog . veri cool , huh ? I love it ! It spiff ! immens ! immens ! ( and a bajillion thank to steve for host that abov imag while my site refus to let me into cpanel . ) On to more press matter , though ! last night I finish the beast within : A gabriel knight mysteri . ye , gabriel knight 2 , the onli game from sierra 's fmv era that 's actual good . the climax wa a thriller . that opera ... hoo , that opera . It had me shake , not from fright , but from sheer excit . but I finish that game , final -- the museum in chapter 4 held me up forev . man , that wa annoy . At ani rate , I 'm done with the game and am now move on to gabriel knight 3 : blood of the sacr , blood of the damn . It 's about vampir , and ancient castl , and other stuff -- in 3D . the interfac is a bit cumbersom so far , but I 'll get use to it . also , tim curri is not gabriel . dean erickson is . I ca n't stand curri 's rendit of the novelist . which I make a point of in the sidebar . anyway ! I 'm go to post thi now , becaus I have to , becaus , I do . got ta studi for social studi . for an era as cool as the middl age , the work is aw confust ... 
funer for a friend current song : ( my launchcast station ) current mood : veri unhappi the deed is done and all is lost ; my laptop is no more . day after day , I 've struggl with that beast . everi other day -- quit liter -- it would develop bad sector . it perform fluctuat . the sound card wa somehow becom physic dislodg from the machin , as in the past coupl of day it 's been suddenli cut out sound-wis . I 've had to tap or hit the chassi of the laptop where the sound card wa in order to get the sound back . the monitor wa alreadi go bad , and would sometim display funki line on the screen . I would have to hit it a few time to knock it back into place . the thing wa realli bang up . tonight , I wa hit it to tri and get my sound back , and it just blink off . So I turn it back on . It would get past my window screen , then eventu just lock up . I reboot , and scandisk prompt ; so I ran a scan . It tri to scan the directori structur but hung at 31 % , claim that a bad sector stop it from be abl to go further . It would tri it littl heart out to scan it but noth wa do . I turn the comput off then back on . I wa prompt with the menu that let you boot in normal mode , safe mode , etc . I chose command prompt as I usual do to scandisk again . type scandisk at the do prompt . bad command or file name . ... okay , chang directori to c : \window . scandisk . bad command or file name . Um . dir scan*.* ? there wa no scandisk.ex . anywher . scandisk.ex had been wipe out . alright , so , mayb I can catch a fluke and load window . restart the comput . not even my window 98 screen came up . It hung right after I enter my hard drive password . crap and a half . I eventu pop in my window 98 disc to see if I could n't use it as a boot disk , or just reinstal window . It did an automat scandisk to check for drive integr . aaaand it hung again , just like last time , at 31 % . I shut down and reboot , and then copi scandisk.ex from the CD back to my hard drive . At least that wa resolv . howev , sinc my laptop use interchang cd-rom and floppi drive , I had to shut down in order to switch drive . thi pose a huge problem -- I could onli get to my command prompt use the window 98 disc , and I need my floppi drive to back up thing . I look around and eventu found my old univers boot disk -- if I could use that to boot my comput , I could use anoth disk to back stuff up . the idea work . I manag to get into C : and grab some document and imag . I 'm go to go back sometim in the near futur when thing have settl down and see if I can somehow get back into window . there 's a lot more I want to back up . ohhh , is there a lot more . howev , I 'm not nearli in the mood to fiddl with it all now . I 'm final start to eas up a bit . I 've been veri upset ever sinc it happen . I realli wish I could just avoid school tomorrow and stay in bed , or mayb do someth to cheer myself up . whatev . the whole thing 's a mess . I 've written too much alreadi so I wo n't go into my option for room-bas person comput replac , or `` what I 'm go to Do to get back onlin from My room . '' I still have the PC out here , but mom use it too . I need privaci . top it all off with the fact that I 've had the menac smell of grape soda stuck in my nose ever sinc tim drank a can of it dure our chess match earlier , right now I 'm not feel my best . I have homework but I want to play callahan 's crosstim saloon . mayb I 'll just shrug my homework off for a while . I need someth to cheer me up . 
eas of use ? On a PC ? what ! ? current song : `` I get No kick from cocain , '' blaze saddl current mood : surpris I set about the gruell task today of set up , break in , and paper train our new comput . amazingli enough ... brace yourself . while keep in mind that thi is window XP . still brace ? thing work veri , veri , veri well . I mean it . asid from a bad product key which disallow me from the offic 2003 free trial ( which I fix on the phone with a swede in tech support ) everyth 's gone smooth . even my printer setup ! and I 've never success set up a printer on my first tri ! It wa spiffi ! I manag to even print out a work page ! without hassl ! ayayayayayay ! ! yeah . I 'm happi . the whole thing is wonder . the monitor 's a tad smaller than the old one but that 's fine -- it 's still a great pictur and all . and I can bear XP . overal , it 's spifftast . three thumb up . 
chapter 2 : everyth happen for a reason current song : `` superman 's dead , '' our ladi peac current mood : happi welp , we got a new comput today . one that doe n't suck . 2.8ghz . 256mb sdram . 80gb hard drive . dvd-rom . cd-rw writer . usb port out the yinyang ( it clock in at six , four in the back and two in the front ) . It 's on like donkey kong . I 'm realli happi about the new PC . It 's veri spiffi ; veri smooth and sleek . It run thing in a veri ... veri ... veri new-i manner . It 's all window XP so the bell and whistl are present . I do n't intend on remov it ; I have the other PC in my room now ( which is where I 'm at ) and it use window 98se , so I 'm happi . ye , speak of , I 'm glad about have the PC in here now -- 400mhz , 80gb hd , 128mb ram , it 's not as good , but it 's still spiffi . It 's been the best I 've had for year and year . and while now a new comput ha overthrown it , it still live on in my room , thrive and give me privaci and other neat stuff , like doughnut . but yeah , new comput , replac for the laptop , and I 'm happi . final , my comput desk ha a use ! 
troubl water current song : `` like the rain , '' clint black current mood : A bit upset mani thing to touch on in thi updat of El bloggo . first and foremost , the passion of the christ is one of the most power , influenti , and humbl movi ever produc . the film speak so much strength and realli is a veri refresh event . peopl dire need to see just what christ went through when He wa crucifi , and it took mel gibson to show them thi side of hi life . secondli , lucasart ha offici lost about 5,000 fan with their urllink cancel of sam and max : freelanc polic . A petit ha risen to save the game from the knife of the lec glukkon . It 's alreadi been cancel , but we 're revolt in protest of the cancel . pleas , if you have ani adventur game spirit in you or if you 're a big fan of sam and max or if you love hit the road or if all of the abov appli to you , urllink write them a letter express your disgust or urllink sign the petit to bring it back . thi is an outrag . they 'll know their mistak . thirdmost , warcraft iii is the most fun I 've had in a real-tim strategi game sinc , well , sinc forev . As much as I like starcraft , wc3 chang everyth around and turn the rt genr upsid down . I love the singl player campaign ; I 'm actual rather good at them . I realli suck at multiplay , though , so I stray from battle.net play . but for an introvert , singl player is enough for me . and when I finish the four campaign of reign of chao , I have the expans , the frozen throne , to look forward to . what a wonder world . anyth els ? No , do n't think so . Go see the passion of the christ . you must see thi film . you need to see thi film . 
lovesick current song : `` A kiss to build a dream On , '' loui armstrong current mood : melancholi the current song is a realli , realli good one . mewd sent it to me ; it 's the theme from the PC game , fallout 2 . I wa look for some 50's-style music for someth I 'm work on , and while it is n't bounci like I want , it 's a veri good , veri slow song . I 'm realli feel out of whack and disori right now . My grandmoth , great-aunt , aunt , and uncl are go to florida for ten day with travel time , and again , they 're call on me to mind their hous while they 're gone . I 'll be watch over my aunt , uncl , and grandmoth 's hous while two of my cousin are take up my great aunt 's hous next door . with my cousin david live at my aunt 's hous , it 'll essenti be four cousin watch two hous . thi usual is n't a problem , but appar , david 's recent start to use the comput after everyon goe to bed . hope there 's no content for comput use . also , sinc my aunt want to use aol in florida , and doe n't want the account tie up , I 'll be instal sbc yahoo ! dial-up over at her hous , and use that to get onlin . I may just take my comput over and hook up all the peripher to it , so I can have a familiar experi over there . with thi there , my cousin probabl wo n't be too inclin to use it as it 's mine . howev , I 'm not sure . I 'll probabl just use her , and if I dire need my own PC , I 'll take it along . I 'm not sure . At ani rate , the whole thing ha me discombobul . I 've been sick for the past coupl of day . noth seriou -- diahhrea -- but all of last night , I had the distinct queasi feel that I 'd be vomit . I spent two and a half hour go in and out of the bathroom for long period of time . while I final lie down at 2:40 or so , I did n't actual fall asleep until 4 -- I just half-dream ( you know , that thing where you 're consciou , but vivid thought are swim in your head ) . I woke up again at 7 when mom went to work , and then actual got up at 11 . I felt much better , at least . still , that 's the second day thi week I 've taken a sick day , the first be tuesday ( I had the bug mildli but thought I had it bad ) . I 'm not readi to go back , and I still do n't feel all togeth . I feel like thing are happen realli fast . and at the same time , I 'm realli emot -- mayb it 's due to lack of sleep , or a combin of that with the trace of the bug still in me , but sinc jessi left about half an hour ago , I 've realli , realli miss her . mayb it 's becaus the song is realli romant and melancholi or someth -- I dunno . all I know is , I realli wish I could talk to her again soon . I 'll probabl call her befor bed , as I alway do , but ... I dunno . I miss her . soon , we 're go over to my aunt 's hous again . It 's 9:45 at the moment I write thi . they 're leav at 5:00am . thusli , we wo n't be there to see them off , unless mom and I wake up earli . anyway , we 're gon na go over there to say goodby and for last-minut instruct and all that . I guess I 'm just realli nervou . I feel veri alon , and I do n't know whi . have a great weekend . I 'll write again when I 'm all settl in . sorri for the delay between post . 
current song : `` wayfar stranger , '' trace adkin current mood : tire serious . 
current song : `` whiskey lullabi , '' brad paisley current mood : melancholi ? I 'm sorri that I 've forgotten late to updat the ol ' weblog . when I wa at my aunt 's hous , the dialup , combin with the forc 800x600 resolut and ultra-dim monitor , did n't exactli leav me want to updat . the housesit went about as well as possibl . catch an updat : the ten day went slightli roughli , with me spend a lot of time clean and my cousin spend a lot of time not clean . when I 'd final be done clean and do homework , he 'd be onlin . for the most part , everyth wa alright , I suppos . well worth the $ 100 pay , even though I wa n't realli do it for the money . A few day after final leav their place , I spent a weekend over at my brother 's . talk about refresh . I had minim clean up to do and plenti of freedom and alon . they did n't pay me , but that 's no problem at all -- I did n't expect ani money for let the dog out , eat chip ahoy and play baldur 's gate . It wa more of a vacat than anyth . now , back to the present . I 've had both whiskey lullabi and A kiss to build a dream On in my head all day , and I wa listen to both as soon as I got home , but eventu drop off kiss and am now just listen to whiskey lullabi . It 's a realli sad song , about two peopl who drank themselv to death over each other . `` she put that bottl to her head and pull the trigger , and final drank away hi memori . life is short , but thi time it wa bigger than the strength she had to get up off her knee . they found her with her face down in the pillow , cling to hi pictur for dear life ... We laid her next to him beneath the willow , while the angel sang a whiskey lullabi . '' mewd onc said that he think it 's silli when peopl post lyric , becaus you do n't get the full effect unless you hear the song . thi appli . the song , as jessi describ it , is pain eeri . definit the saddest song I 've heard in a while . and you know what ? I love it . I realli dig slow , sad song like thi . At ani rate , today wa n't too bad . the past few week , howev , have been hellish . My schoolwork is realli fall behind , and get veri late . I final finish anoth part of chemistri today -- I surprisingli ace the self-test with a 100 -- but geometri and english are still nip at my heel . onc I finish geometri and english , though , I 'm final in the clear . It 'll feel good ... realli good . It 's like when you 're guilti of someth , and the pain is eat away at you , clench your heart and wring it out , until final you confess to someon , anyon , and the pain dissip . ashley 's felt the same heat I have . We both feel like we 're pretti much under the gun -- our infinit untact teacher love to make us feel terribl with remark that we would readili accept as advic with ani other tone of voic . I dunno -- onc I get thi stuff done and in , I 'll feel so much better . much better . On the brighter side , I 've ad two addit to the compaq -- anoth 256 meg of ram and a 64 meg geforc MX 4000 video card . It 's all soup up now , and play halo like a dream . now I just need to get a job so I can buy arm and danger ( the onli except I 'm make to my 'boycott lucasart ' mindset -- it 's my duti as a sam and max 2 revolutionari to support such a wonder made origin effort at a game ) . I 'm go to take my brother 's advic and look into a job at the local cemetari . nobodi would bother me there , and person , I 'd rather be haunt than deal with other human be . I think that 's enough for thi entri , though . I 'm go to do my homework then read or someth for a while , wait for jessi . head up , deli fan -- I have a new design in the work and I 'm current learn the humongously-awesom inform program code for make text adventur , or interact fiction , if you will . IF is my oldest program passion . one last thing : I 've updat the sidebar to reflect current- . catch you later . > quit are you sure you want to quit ? ( ye or no . ) > ye 
current song : `` I believ , '' diamond rio current mood : product ( ! ) heyo , folk . readi to blog ? I sure am . confus by the titl ? I 'm sure you are . let me run it down for you , nice and easi : I 'm wipe away my comput and start fresh . I 've reformat comput sever time ; I 'm a reformat demon . let 's see , I format my comput twice , then eventu got a new hard drive , and I format my laptop onc . So that 's about four fresh start . anyhow , thi is all ancient histori ; what you 're concern with is the here and now ( or , actual , in your case , the there and then , as you 're probabl not read thi as I type it , unless you 're a hacker watch my everi keystrok , and if you are , pleas bring me a doughnut , I want doughnut ) . here 's the deal . My comput now ha taken a like to the dark side of freez . It 's flirt with such evil sever time , even manag a convolut fit of blue screen , onc , where I could onli use it one in four time after boot . It just would n't work -- it 'd load to the desktop , then , all of a sudden , without warn , without so much as a peep or a click -- whammo ! blue screen ! recent , though , it 's decid to itself , `` say , I think I 'll just freez upon the occur of some random littl process deep in the bowel of my monstrou bulk . '' ( and it 's bulki , all right . I onc found a small child trap insid . ) `` let 's see , how can I realli ham thi up ? how can I truli peev off the typer Of the key ? think think think ... aaahhhh ... aha ! geniu ! I 'll stop respond to everyth he doe , yet at the same time I 'll let him move hi mous all over the screen ! and while I 'm at it , while I 'm at it ... ohhh , babi , while I 'm at it , I 'll make a slow , quiet tick , to make him think I 'm do someth , but then ultim let him down when he realiz that I 've commit neo-seppuku onc more ! whoa ! when can I start thi ... when when when ... how about ... how about next time he boot ! Oh , gatey , '' ( my comput call itself gatey becaus it 's a retard ) `` you are amaz . give yourself a pat on the metal hull , you nutsi beast . '' thi is the gist of my problem : random freez . among other thing , of cours . My massiv 80-gig hard drive will like take quit a while to format , so I 'm go to go take care of that now . It is 4:29 . I 'll write again in a bit -- sayonara ! -~- hey , blog reader ! the time is now 7:53 , and the format is well on it way . It 's format at about 1 % /15 second , so that 's 4 % in a minut . 40 in ten minut , thu 80 in twenti , thu 100 in twenty-f -- it 'll be done around 8:15 . there 's your math exampl of the day ? , kid . I have five cd worth of stuff ; three contain data that I 'm want to keep , and two contain old laptop backup that I do n't want to risk lose . I thoroughli , thoroughli scan through my comput , comb C : , C : \program file , and my program menu . I found thing buri in deep , but the onli thing I could n't recov were my neverhood save game -- I do n't know where the neverhood program them to save to , but they sure as heck do n't go in the dreamwork interactive/neverhood folder . crazi peopl . I 'm pretti happi that I 'm final do thi . you know , even in it last hour , that comput gave me problem . It develop a nasti habit in which it would freez for about thirti second everi time I delet file . I did a lot of delet , too . In fact , I even did someth childishli destruct , but it felt realli good ... you know how , when you go into the window folder , it tell you not to ever mess with the file insid becaus IF you touch them , you will BE totem ? eheheheh ... befor quit to do to format C : , I went into the window folder , and I delet random file ! Oh , it felt wonder ! I drug my cursor into a big box around some file , then hit shift+delet and wipe them out . sever time ! My window folder look like a post-war street with all the unpatch hole in it . take that , microsoft ! and that ! and that ! ... and thi , also ! So ... so yeah . I 'm gon na go on ahead and post thi now -- thank for stick around to read my onslaught of C : format good . have a night . 
current song : `` metroid prime theme , '' who do you think ? current mood : ecstat holi crap ! ha anybodi seen the latest from nintendo at E3 ? anoth realist zelda game ! more info on metroid prime 2 ! just look at all the crap on the nintendo DS ! holi cow ! ho-le cow ! I 'm sorri , folk . I 'm in shock . pure , utter shock . the DS will have the function of a nintendo 64 . A nintendo 64 . and it 's a portabl game system . and one of it two screen is a touch-screen . and it ha voic recognit . and it will probabl have support for a wireless network for onlin portabl game . ps3 ? nextbox ? pshaw . I do n't care if microsoft unveil their newest and latest brand of sensat heighten integr technolog for their new xbox . I do n't care how power the playstat 3 's processor is . the nintendo dual-screen is go to do for portabl game what the game boy advanc did for portabl game . ... yeah . anyway , I would post link to all thi content , but I just ca n't bring myself to do anyth but squeal like a littl girl . urllink nintendo.com ha a lot of screenshot and info about their latest offer , and urllink game are fun is alway trustworthi for news . also of note might be urllink gamespot or someth . just go feed on screenshot and video of the latest technolog . E3 never ceas to amaz . befor I go , some food for thought : until 2002 , nintendo had n't releas a metroid game for almost ten year . two year later , they 've announc their fifth sinc prime wa releas . metroid , metroid 2 , super metroid , metroid prime , metroid fusion , metroid zero mission , metroid prime 2 : echo , and metroid prime : hunter . doe nintendo know a cash cow or what ? 
current song : `` never love a girl , '' aerosmith current mood : giddi mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . mewd ha a playstat 2 . It 's about time . you are a realli sad person when you get excit becaus somebodi els got a new consol . 
current song : `` back back train , '' aerosmith current mood : ever realiz how silli thi `` current mood '' bit is ? I 'm sit here at microsoft work , pull my hair out over an english assign . It 's drive me up the wall . I have to write an editori on some current event , debat situat , or news item . after sever start , I just ca n't seem to pull off the assign . I start by tri to write about how america hate presid bush , and the world hate america , and everybodi think we 're polic the world . I want to take a stanc against all thi for onc , and argu for america instead of against it . I gave up after a few fail paragraph , though , and now have decid to write about how terribl corrupt america 's youth is today . I want to write a move articl about the vice that most teenag so willingli accept . I 'd just love to put togeth a rous ralli against trendi peopl with their trendi rap music and their annoyingli `` fashion '' cloth ( what is so appeal about the color baby-blu , throwback jersey , or $ 200 shoe ! ? ) . maddox said it best : we do n't need 'metrosexu ' pretti boy like ben affleck . We need real men , like gregori peck . I 'm tire of see all these preppi pretty-boy . We need more lumberjack and pirat . men who wear flannel instead of cargo pant . thi is what I need to stress in my argument . but how do I start it ? I 've given it more open than the world 's largest spong , but none of them seem to fit . I know what I want to fight ; I just do n't know how . So here I sit , blog on thi urllink annoy new blogger interfac ( ye , it 's terribl ) , while listen to aerosmith and tri to squeez an idea out of my pea-siz brain . speak of aerosmith , I just pick up their newest CD today : honkin ' On bobo . I read about it return to the band 's root . the song are all bluesy-rock , and they 're veri well done . aerosmith 's last CD , just push play , wa decent . I like it , but the novelti wore off fast . thi new disc is an entir differ stori . the song are thick and dirti , and have much more heart than the crap run through our airwav today . ( just where did ac/dc stop and `` nofx '' and `` audioslav '' begin ? `` tantrix ? '' what ? My god , I would n't be abl to tell you the differ between these faceless , hyped-up number if a soviet threaten to shoot me in the face with a bazooka . ) anyway , I should get back to my work now ... I just have no idea . I even had troubl write thi blog entri . everyth I say keep feel heartless , limp , and flat . yaarg , I can feel myself dig deeper into the rut with everi phrase I guillotin with my backspac key . look there , I just went back and ad a sentenc that I miss befor . I 'm realli off the mark tonight . Be glad I left aim earli , mewd , els you 'd get a face of stupid remark and unfunni not-wit . 
current song : `` the odyssey , '' symphoni X current mood : quit product triumphant champion of ithaca ! let a new life begin ; thi is the end of my odyssey . I stay home from school today due to some pretti nauseat feel last night . I felt a dash of inspir around noon , though , and proceed to resum work on my new site layout . now , 4:46 , four hour and forty-six minut later , and I 'm done and upload . I finish everyth , ad descript for all my stuff , and link up everi imag and page . urllink Go see . updat : nevermind , not done . updat updat : redon . now it work just fine . check it out . 
current song : `` sonn , '' rammstein current mood : a bit down . yeah , tonight 's been odd . I finish system shock 2 , and it wa great -- though the last boss wa n't as drawn out as it should have been . asid from that , I had a love excurs die miser in warcraft iii . lesse , I also watch a bit of the matrix : reload . man , that smith fight scene wa spiffi . `` Me , me , me . '' `` Me , too ! '' Is it just me or do kid suck ? A group of three five-year-old decid to teas the dog today . they accomplish thi by pound on the bedroom window and play `` ring the doorbel then run like littl five-year-old about to receiv a bloodthirsti hammer claw in the back of the neck . '' that game wa a blast . here 's how you play by exampl . I hear the doorbel ring . `` who could that be ? '' I think to myself . I look up , and looki there -- nobodi at the door . So I get up and walk to the door , look out the window , and there 's nobodi there . `` what give ? '' I ask . look at the sidewalk I see three littl black kid , two girl and a boy ( I think ) run from my step . `` So thi is what we 're gon na do tonight , '' I say to myself , and unlock the door . next time I 'll be readi . I sit back down and go back to blast the mani into oblivion in system shock 2 . ten minut later , the dog start bark . I get into posit . look outsid , I find two of the littl runt walk up to the front of the hous . they stand right in front of the step and look straight up at the door . the dog is bark , so they know they 're seen . suddenli , one hoot a warcri ! `` boo ! '' hwah ! I grab the handl and fling the door wide open . one bugger dash . the other stand . stare . grin . I glare . I close the door . I lock the door . I say , `` good riddanc . '' So after that , they left the place alon for a while . I wa still pretti work up over it , but I probabl should n't have been -- they were onli five year old . but they were unsupervis ! three five-year-old , roam the street , without a singl parent watch them . where were the parent ? whi , next door , listen to some aw rap song at volum level 201 . but that 's entir off the topic . let 's go back to the battl . later on in the night , we get struck again . I hear littl feet on the front porch . I get up , and make a quick solid snake strut to the live room . I see one advanc up the porch , turn around to look at it croni as they cheer on it valiant effort in bud vandal . It reach for the doorbel . phwamp ! the door fli open . It stare at me . the follow dialogu is not even worthi of a battle.net player . `` can I help you ? '' `` yeah . '' `` what do you need ? '' `` yeah . '' `` whi are you on my porch ? '' `` ... '' `` what do you want ? '' `` I want co ' insid . '' `` I 'm sorri , I ca n't help you . '' `` yeah . '' `` pleas stay off my porch . Do n't ring thi doorbel . '' `` yeah . '' the littl product of unsaf sex start to run off the porch . No sooner wa my door halfway close -- halfway close -- when they decid that the dog in the window want to be teas . she 's bark , the kid are giggl , and I scream , `` DO not aggrav MY dog . '' I 'm fume . I look out the front door window to see three littl cornhol rush away from the window . the battl wa over , but I wa pump . I toss on some loud music realli fast then proceed to get offlin and brood for a littl while . I want to read but end up just listen to sonn and punch a pillow . I got my frustrat out , then decid to watch some of the matrix befor get back onlin a short while ago . what a fun night ! befor I hit the `` publish post '' button down there on my littl blogger gui , I leav you with thi thought : urllink it doe n't get ani wors than thi . notic the christoph snow book on the chair , and take note that they were on the tabl when the cat got up there . g'night . 
current song : some stuff from leisur suit larri 7 current mood : It 's 5am . what do you think ? So there I wa , on my second day of summer vacat , when I realiz that I had fail to blog for week . not anymor . nooonono , now I 'm updat again . lesse ... what 's new ... oh , yeah , noth much at all . I 'm on summer vacat , which mean either three month of goof off , three month of work at a job I have yet to discov , or a nice balanc li ' l mix of the two . both have obviou merit . either way though , I 'm happi to be away from school for three month . I 'm struggl late , with work and all . next year 'll be no better , but at least I 'll get a good , lengthi chunk of time in which to downgrad myself to an undereduc mass of video game and larg dinner . what els is new ... what els ... someth ... hmm , I replay leisur suit larri 7 yesterday and today . whi do you care ? dunno . Oh , and I final got uhf on dvd . I 'm go to watch it tomorrow . ahh , weird Al filmographi good right there , folk . `` thi week , on u62 , he 's back -- and thi time , he 's mad ... ghandi 2 ! '' sidebar ha been updat accord to my current boring . and ... and I guess that 's all I have to say . look , I 'm not forc you to read thi dribbl , you 're do it yourself . 
current song : `` four littl metroid , '' amievil If you hesit befor hit the snooz button on your alarm , are you be lazi ? good question . It 's now 7:30am . No , I did n't just wake up -- I 'm just now go to sleep . you know , thi post use to say `` 7:11am , '' until I delet the whole flip thing on accid ! arrgh ! twenti minut , dust ! hrrm . We got a lot of work done tonight on sandwich quest . I finish up the interior of turnip 's car , and mewd churn out a few more descript . thi game is realli start to take a great shape . the art is progress nice , the write is , of cours , hilari , and the music is look quit promis . In fact , rav inform me tonight that he 's alreadi quit a way through two song -- salami mafia and the tentatively-titl titl theme . the more we do , the more experienc and hype up we get -- I 'm honestli hope for a fall releas . At least , end of summer . I had a lot written here , and to be honest , I realli do n't have the heart to rewrit it . I mean , I had a good four paragraph -- four long paragraph . then I hit control-z to fix a mistak , and it delet half of my post ! veri frustrat . I 'll rewrit it tomorrow night , when my feel of enthusiasm are fresh again . sorri about thi . I 'm gon na go get some sleep -- not that I 'll be abl to ; my head is throb from my desper attempt to tear out my hair . Go read my profil if you 're interest in learn more about me . I ad a bunch of crap about myself , becaus obvious , if you 're read my blog , you just love to bore yourself to death . ciao . 
current song : `` buy Me a condo , '' weird Al ye , that 's right . tonight , after finish up our work on sandwich quest , mr. ravag ask for a screenshot of our work . I sent him a demo instead . when he wa finish , thi exchang occur . elravager5 : : :potenti tune begin cours through brain : : I it 's kewl with you , I 'd like to tri some concept bg-music ... renosix : wait . you mean you 're will to compos for us ? Or am I just hallucin ? elravager5 : I 'd be delight to . It 's alreadi veri funni , and I 'd love to tri and come up with a correspond soundtrack . renosix : whooooa . thi is quit a shock , as mewd and I were just discuss how we wish we could have origin music . elravager5 : yeah , I 'd love compos for it . most of my recent stuff ha been incred intens , moodi , and atmospher dark . It would be a great chang to do someth in the humor categori . thi rock . We were need a compos . We do n't like stranger . El ravag is no stranger . thi rock . I ca n't get over it . We have a team . team . team , team . teaaaaam . team . team ! team . teeeeeeeaaaaaaaammmmmmmmmmm ... teamteam . team . team . 4:41am . team . I love the sound of that . not just `` mewd and reno , '' we 're now `` the sandwich quest team . '' It ha such a ring . the sandwich quest team . the team . team . teaaaaaaaaam . that 's all I have to say , though . I 'm so happi . We have a compos now ! and thing are go so swell . whi , so swell , I think I 'll post anoth random chat excerpt . enjoy ! mewd6 want to send file 1-1.wma . renosix : what is it from ? mewd6 : brandenburg concerto for four harpsichord , string , and continuo one , movement one . renosix : Ah ye . okay , okay , two ! you earn it . pat yourself on the back . mewd6 : roar . I am metal gear samanatha . cower befor me puni mortal and trembl befor my fearsom roar . 
current song : `` sweat bullet , '' megadeth I chang my layout again . tee hee . ( remind me to never say `` tee hee '' again . ever . ) tee hee . ( Ah , crap . ) let the blog commenc . lost the old layout . It wa start to rust , and I had to let it soak in the bathtub . I have thi odd feel that my weblog is not at all excit . there are interest one , like urllink toastyfrog and urllink that one that Al low link to in today 's cyberjok 3000 ( top ten worst album cover ever . devastatin ' dave ... yike ) . then , there are bore one , like urllink mine . what give ? whi is n't my weblog cool ? I ask a team of real scientif analyst whi my blog is n't cool . after much heavi debat and research , not to mention a flat rate of $ 24.95 , they present me with a fifteen-pag report , contain 8,000 word and four chart . never one for read , I leaf through it carelessli and came upon one singl line that I think sum it all up perfectli . your blog , unlik explos mandolin , ha no zani , random chat excerpt . well , if it 's excerpt the peopl want , it 's excerpt they get ! renosix : I need to have a random convers for my blog , ani idea ? ducktor schmitti : tuna renosix : tuna My blog just got 21.2 % cooler . and now , for anoth instal of thrill adventur corner ! ! ! 1 ! . I just had to write about thi . thrill adventur alway make for great content . earlier , while lay the smackdown on don flemenco for the second time in punch-out ! ! , I saw a littl figur wobbl by my mous . A littl figur that turn out to be a small roach . now , we do n't get mani roach here . In fact , I 've onli kill one or two . It wa n't a hollywood cockroach , but a littl one that resembl a beetl . they come around everi now and then to harass me . I 'm sure your hous ha them somewher , too . creepi , huh ? anyway . I told mewd about it . He stuck besid me on my quest to find the littl turd and maim it . I could n't find it -- exposur to the light caus it to fritter away at a lightning-fast speed , and when I chase it down with my intens , heavy-duti flashlight beam , it took cover off the comput desk . I vow to kill it befor the night wa up . well , just now I wa admir my new blog layout and name , I caught out of the corner of my eye , a littl figur crawl up the lamp stand . I mutter a few unkind word , spun around , grab the flyswatt , and did anoth 180 turn to the lamp . It wa out of sight , on the other side of the pole . So I struck the lamp to catch the littl creep 's attent . It fritter around , complet unawar that I 'm right hand and I had a perfect swing rang . I brought down the flyswatt on that wast of life and drew the flyswatt back victori . I think it fell down into my fan and got dice by the blade . flippin ' insect 's got nothin ' on me . 
I 'm go to keep thi simpl : jessi and her famili need your prayer . thank you . 
current song : video thinger : weird Al interview eminem and now , a dramat reenact . play the part of eminem , El ravag . play the part of weird Al , reno . elravager5 : I do n't see how you ca n't not be a fan , ya know what I 'm sayin ' ? renosix : *smile and nods* ye , I know what you 're say . elravager5 : you know what I 'm sayin ' ? renosix : I know what you 're say . elravager5 : you know what I 'm sayin ' ? renosix : ye , ye , I know what you 're say . elravager5 : you know what I 'm sayin ' ? renosix : ... ye . I know what you 're say . elravager5 : you know what I 'm sayin ' ? renosix : ye . I know what you 're say ! elravager5 : you know what I 'm sayin ' ? renosix : ye ! I know ! I know what you 're say ! elravager5 : you know what I 'm sayin ' ? renosix : ye ! elravager5 : you know what I 'm sayin ' ? renosix : ye ! elravager5 : you know what I 'm sayin ' ? renosix : yeeeeeeee ! ! ! elravager5 : you know what I 'm sayin ' ? renosix : shut UP ! shut UP ! shuuuuut uuuuuuuuuuup ! ! ! ! ! ! elravager5 : whatev , man . there is absolut noth new tonight . well , except the obviou : rav found , and link me to , a download of weird Al 's `` interview '' with eminem a year ago . Al is a connoisseur of rip apart real interview and ad hi own bit in the place of the question . thi make for the greatest interview of eminem , ever . `` well , I 've been ask all the question here , are there ani question you want to ask me ? '' `` y'know , how mani time can you rhyme , 'tearin ' me apart , breakin ' my heart ' ? '' `` well , let 's see . homer and bart , medic chart , strawberri tart , serv ala cart , back to the start , post-modern art , plastic lawn-dart , miss a part , humphrey bogart , light a fart , and blue-light special each day at k-mart . ... eleven ! '' man , it 's hilari . In fact , it 's so funni , you should watch it , too . right click thi link and click `` save target as . '' urllink DO IT now ! [ 16mb ] that 's realli it for tonight , though . I 'm gon na go play qfg4 until 8:30 . AM , of cours . 
current song : `` breath , '' pink floyd breath . breath in the air . Do n't be afraid to care . whi am I post thi ? I dunno . I suppos just read about urllink vivendi fire off 350 employe and , effect , sierra , ha brought back a sour tast of chainsaw monday . not that I care if sierra die , mind you . No , it 's alreadi dead . here 's my post at the qfg forum , last chanc to see me there so get it while you can : I 'm not that sad if sierra disappear . sierra disappear five year ago . they 're not the same anymor and have no valu to me . It doe n't matter if sierra fall off the map ; they 're not sierra anymor , just a bunch of suit with a name that commit blasphemi against a proud legaci . It shame me to see the brand on the dozen of mediocr titl they 've put out in the past few year . though if the forum fall , that IS a piti . I grew up here . aaaand I 'll just past in what I told mewd to end thi entri . screw sierra . screw vivendi . screw everybodi but blizzard . feed blizzard grape and give them a privat harem . but screw vivendi . 
current song : `` stuck in a closet with vanna white , '' weird Al I can offici say that it is our anniversari . ye , it 's past midnight , which mean it 's now june 23rd . I 've been with jessi for a year . I still rememb thi day a year ago -- how anxiou I wa , and how we were kept wait even longer when her mom and brother were over and take forev to leav . but it 's realli hard to believ that it 's alreadi been a year . still , it 's been a veri , veri happi year , chock full of romant moment -- like when my ceil start leak in the middl of the night while I wa play gabriel knight 1 . Oh , or how about when she fell asleep while onlin and I panick for half an hour when she would n't respond to anyth I did ? and I 'll never forget the time I call her at 5:30 in the morn , apolog for hang up on her , when we 'd actual gotten off the phone an hour and a half earlier . ( okay , well , that wa just funni . I will admit . ) still , though ... a year . I love her veri much , and am realli thank to have such a wonder girlfriend . but enough smarm ! thi is a weblog . there 'll be no mushi here ! let 's cleans your palat with a random chat excerpt . MW expert lud : then I challeng you to a duel of honor ! renosix : I 'd rather have a dual of pun . It 's tripl the excit , and quad of fun . MW expert lud : hmm ... I accept your duel . renosix : I hope you realiz who you 're deal with . My pun have root in all of europ , even tree lanka . I have branch out all over the world , and have even had my photosynthesi taken with celebritre . MW expert lud : well , umm ... darn ... renosix : It 's okay if you ca n't defeet me . I to you that I wa quit a phalang . MW expert lud : lol renosix : *twirl moustache* I play through quest for glori 3 last night . I have n't play it in year , yet I finish it from start to finish in a sit . deathfoot is now in mordavia , mingl with the townsfolk and listen to igor 's droll graveyard humor . I 'm look forward to final play through quest for glori 4 , after final urllink defeat the numer timer error . It 's 5:50 . whi am I still awak ? have a good day , and rememb : if you 're not in rav 's last will and testament , you 're not a popular kid . 
current song : `` masquerad , '' symphoni X first off , apolog to all who did not see me onlin tonight ( last night ? I dunno , it is present 6:30am ) . I spent six and a half hour on the phone with jessi tonight ( huzzah for 'free night and weekend ' ) , mostli play gk3 , partli chat . We decid to ditch our 'competit ' and , instead , play the game moreso 'togeth . ' she restor to where I wa and we start go through togeth . grant , we 're now share our progress with each other and help each other out , but thi is someth we 've alway want to do -- play an adventur game togeth -- and gk3 give us a great chanc . We 're restrict ourselv to onli play while on the phone ; I still have n't caught up to her 480pt , but I 'm well on my way -- I think we 're around 430 . day 2 , 5pm - 10pm . It 's realli get good , I must say , though aw creepi . spoiler : man , princ jame ' agent be murder wa a huge surpris . jess and I both have theori about what happen . jeez , that word realli get around in thi game -- theori . there , no eye harm who have n't play the game . just highlight that huuuug blank space for thing not fit for print . more cool blank space ! asid from gk3 and qfg5 ( whom I have been neglect , I 'm sorri , silmaria ) , I ca n't say thing have been at their hottest late . I 've been read the hitchhik 's guid to the galaxi a lot late . I have n't read it in year , and it 's realli great stuff . I 'm alreadi halfway through the first book in the trilog ( note : ye , jessi , a trilog *can* have five book . you 're just anal , that 's all . ) and it ha n't slow down yet . I 'm rather enjoy the book -- and whi should n't I ? It 's the hitchhik 's guid ! I have been in the midst of a problem . A crisi of sort if you want to get melodramat . I spoke with rav about it ... two night ago wa it ? I do n't rememb , these summer day are a blur . anyway , thi ha realli suddenli sprung up , and I do n't like it . It 's an old fear of mine , realli , and it 's been stuck on me for as long as I can rememb . ( I 'm not stall or set up for some big comed joke , just give you some backstori . like you care . ) I 've alway been afraid of turn eighteen ; not becaus that 's when I 'start ' on my life or becaus I go out on my own or becaus of colleg or anyth like that . I must admit , to all of you who I 've mention my fear of get older -- I 've been feed you a white lie thi whole time . No , the real reason I 'm so anxiou and restless about turn eighteen , despit it be nine month away , is becaus I 've alway had a fear , a phobia if you will , of be draft into the armi . silli , is n't it ? that 's what I 've convinc myself , but I 'm afraid that with our recent war thing and all , by april of '05 they 'll be need to recruit more soldier and thu , will delv into america 's lazi , gen-x youth . I know , it 's a veri silli thing to worri over , as there ha n't been a draft for a long , long time . It 's just that , well , I 've alway had a feel that by the time I turn eighteen they 'll be in a war and in need of more support . jessi insist that I have noth to worri about , and rav doubt I need to be concern . the rest of you I 've been silent about my problem to , either becaus you wo n't care or becaus I do n't want to bugger you with my petti worri becaus I 've thrown my burden onto you one-too-mani time ( thi onli appli to one of you and urllink you know who you are ) . I just ... I realli do n't know . I do n't know what to make of my worri . the one thing I 've been dread more than anyth all of my life is conscript into the militari . I mean it . If it wa n't for that , I 'd be perfectli secur in my futur . To be honest , though ? I think thi is god 's way of convinc me that I need to attend colleg . I 've shrug it off with mani , mani petti excus -- I do n't need it . I ca n't afford it . I can live without it . I do n't want to go to school for anoth four year . everi time I make one of these stupid , insignific excus , I cring and realiz that I 'm stall . god know thi . He know my problem and struggl . He 's also guid me through them . I have no excus against colleg anymor , and I know it . I 'm no longer go to repli `` colleg ? nah . '' It 's colleg all the way for me . I realli do need it , despit my reluct , and it 'll excus me from be draft . I do n't know if I 'll be abl to afford it , but there are grant and student loan . god 'll protect me . I know it . whi should I have ani reason to fear ? realli , whi ? the hand of god is cover me and shield me ; hi gift of everlast love , peac and grace is plenti and mine for the take , so whi should I hold back ? It 's like the old hymn ; `` what a friend we have in jesu , all our sin and griev to bear ... '' anyway , I do n't want to get overli zealou here -- and I have some read to do . all of you , I 'll talk to you tomorrow . pray for my peac . the more I write and think about my discuss with jessi over the topic , the more rest and eas I feel . how great god is . 
I drop a skittl befor . My cat kept intercept my hand when I tri to pick it up . I eventu save it though , so do n't worri . 
current song : `` I believ , '' diamond rio there 's some recent confus over whether or not I am realli me . these rumor are fals and must be put to rest ! I ca n't have the gener public believ that I am not , in fact , realli ric carnahan as I claim to be . imagin the controversi ! imagin the slander polit mud-sling movi ! I do n't need `` celciu 4/8 '' ride my coat tail . I am here to dispel these crazi myth . urllink amaz proof TO contradict you and your silli rumor . GO home . now that that 's settl , on to more press busi . I had chicken parmesian tonight . It wa realli good . but the parmesian tast a littl like chees . I did n't like that . actual , the food wa n't that good . I want my money back , but I just got a roll pin across the back of my head with a shout , shriek voic yell `` thi IS all j00 will get ! ! loser ! ! '' yeah , sometim my mom is mean like that . Oh ! the littl voic in the back of my head just remind me not to forget thi time : 4pm - 6pm in gk3 ! * hoozah ! hoozah on highest ! I will solv the mysteri ! the mysteri of ... of the mysteri of the gk3 ! also , I lie about that hamlet thing , shakespear did n't write that . I could n't sleep last night becaus I wa so sad that I lie to you . I 'm sorri . *I just realiz while proofread thi entri after post it ( I like my blog to be done profession , I actual releas about 4 patch for `` wow ! anoth tripl neg ! '' but you did n't see them becaus they were invis ) that I made a realli funni joke . I said `` not to forget thi time : '' and I meant , not to forget on thi occas , but I said `` not to forget thi time : '' and then list a time , and that made it look like I wa say that I wa n't go to forget the time I put down . hoo that wa funni . I think we 've all becom a better person after I made such a wili joke . 
I 'm on day 1 , 2pm - 4pm in gabriel knight 3 ! woo ! yeaaaah ! GO sport ! ! 
current song : urllink `` F ! $ # you veri much , '' eric idl Do not click that link if you 're easili offend . should you be , in fact , easili offend and you click that link , your head will explod . you heard me , it will blow clean off . realli . -~- It 's 7:05 . I 've been up all night talk to rav . and now , I have a headach . thank , rav . I 'm go to tell everybodi that El ravag give headach for free . heck , then when you start charg for them , it 'll be fals advertis and the fcc will kill you . No , serious , folk , he doe n't give headach , just stomachach . you may have notic an abund of refer to rav . thi is becaus it 's becom a disturb trend for him and me to stay awak until around 7 my time ( 4 hi time , mwahaha , I just gave away that you realli live in australia , bet you 're mad now ) talk about random thing . Go complain to him that your regular blog content ha been made 5 % more interest . I know you all expect bore by the bushel , but as long as I have a friend , I will not give you the bore you desir ! I shall not ! I swear it ! and I mean it ! okay ! okay ! mayb onc more for old time sake ! *ahem* A read from shakespear 's `` hamlet II : the robot from space . '' `` sayest thou , my laser doth not charg ? what be a man , nor the measur of a robot , should hi laser not chargeth ! ? '' the psychotron reareth hi head to the maiden on phobo and declareth hi vow . `` eeni meeni myni moe , '' sayeth he , `` To catcheth a tiger , be thou grab by hi toe ? nay , say I , nay ! thi hand show the prolifer of a centuri ! '' depress and be in the placementeth of boredom , the psychotron turn round when Lo ! there came a bright light from on high , and when he doth walk into it , he realizeth that ladi muckbreath had turneth on the mega flashlight ... 
ladi and gentlemen , for your enjoy : urllink urllink blind lemon yankov [ 325k ] enjoy huge . 
current song : `` valley of the damn , '' dragonforc well , bloghead , thing have n't been at their height late . I wa go strong with rapid updat for a while , but I 've sorta drop off the map for a few day . whi ? read on and find out . first , I should probabl explain my last entri -- thing are realli hectic with jessi . I wo n't go into detail out of respect for her and her famili , but , well , let 's put it thi way -- her grandma , after some realli unfortun consequ , is bare hang on to life . she wa bleed intern , and , while she wa given a month , she 's bare last a few day after they discov it . jessi 's been realli strong , though , and I 'm proud of her . thi ha caus quit a bit of unrest and grief -- so much that progress on sandwich quest ha halt temporarili . well , I ca n't pin it all on the morbid situat in indiana -- mewd 's been have some aw connect problem and I went onto a quest for glori kick the night I mention beat qfg3 . I beat qfg4 the other night , though , for the first time ever , and am now on qfg5 . deathfoot the wizard is on the third rite of rulership , and ha plan to defeat the vile hydra onc and for all ! Or not . also : I start up gabriel knight 3 the other night , and have sinc been juggl between blood of the sacr , blood of the damn and dragon fire . man , gk3 is one tough adventur game . for all you sport fan keep tab at home ( read : 0 ) , I 'm on day 1 , 12pm - 2pm . I wa stuck for a coupl night ( morn ? what a schedul ) in the first time block , but I final manag to trigger the next one . I 'm have a good time , though . gk3 is n't nearli as bad as I expect gameplay-wis . the camera gimmick take some get use to , but it work veri well . I 'm content with it , and have a blast . It 's realli amaz the amount of true histori that jane jensen incorpor into the game ; I never thought franc could be so interest . and it 's even moreso intrigu that renn le chateau is a real place . and I 'll admit , tim curri is n't too bad as gabriel ... but dean erickson is still the real gabriel knight . I insist on it . mewd , rav , you can say what you want . By the way , check thi out : urllink andi kaufman return thi fellow imit andi kaufman for a big elabor hoax state that he 's realli aliv and never die of cancer . It 's obvious a hoax , is n't it ? I 'm glad we agre . now click on the `` comment '' link under ani of the post and take a look at how unbeliev gullibl peopl are . I mean , just when I thought my fellow man had reach the bottom of the barrel with rap music , they go and pull thi on me . I 'm asham to be human . My close thought : I 'll never be abl to ride the millennium forc at cedar point . I 'm too tall . serious . the seatbelt were design for dwarv or someth , becaus peopl over 6 ' 2 '' , I think , wo n't fit under the restraint . piti . Oh well -- not like I intend on go outsid ani time soon anyway . I 'm off to make a triumphant return into renn le chateau . later , potat . epic metal rule ! 
current song : `` theme from spi hard , '' weird Al It 's 7:40am . rememb that bit about have to wake up at 8:30 ? I actual just woke up an hour earlier . that is how awesom I am . haha , just kid ! funni joke . actual , I have n't gotten A spork-lov hour OF sleep ! bah ! bah bah bah ! I final settl down into bed around 1 or so after talk to jessi for a while and pack up my stuff . I had my dog with me , and around 1:20 , I fell asleep . At 2 , I woke up . I wa burn up ( whi did I put on a blanket with furfac lie against my leg and no fan on ? gee I 'm dumb ) and had a stomachach . A remov of all thing blanketi and a quick trip into the bathroom reliev my troubl , so I settl back onto the mattress . At around 4 , I had enough of lie around and got some appl pie . I ate , drank , and got back into bed . noth . final , around 5:30 , I drift for about twenti minut ( I do n't rememb what episod of cheer it wa , so I must 've slept ) , then woke up . I turn off the TV after nick at nite went off the air and decid to tri listen to my gk3 soundtrack to calm my nerv . I got through it one and a half time befor decid that enough wa enough . I got up , thoroughli angri , and plop onto the couch . It wa there on the couch , with cat cuddl to my chest , that I decid : I 'm go to call dad at about 8 and ask him to pick me up at 12 instead of 9 . I need the sleep , man ... I need the sleep ! holi crap , I am so out of it , but I have insomnia ! I have flippin ' insomnia ! I am extrem tire . I can feel myself flop down into ani chair , bed , or couch I sit in . I 'm bare awar of what I 'm do . I do n't know what to do ! I tri everyth . I mean , everyth . I even count sheep . you heard me -- I count sheep . As a testament to how tire and bare focus I am , I went from 59 to 100 befor realiz that I accident gave 60 a miss , then later on , count from one hundr twenty-nin to one hundr twenty-ten . come on , look at me ! I 'm a mess ! but I ca n't sleep ! urllink curs you , neptun ! blarg . I 'm go to play timesplitt 2 while I wait for mom to come home so I can call dad . I need sleep . I need it baaaad . hmm , I also need breakfast . mayb I 'll get some . 
current song : gabriel knight 3 soundtrack yeah , finish gk3 the other night ( juli 7 ) . jessi and I both play to complet togeth , from 480 point to the bitter end . not in one night , mind you , but it wa n't until around 480 that we decid to team up and tackl it togeth rather than compet . the game wa veri good , though frustrat often . there were a coupl of creepi part -- like explor montreaux 's attic , and see mallori and mcdoogal slain on the rock , not to mention see those vision and the pool of blood by everi murder scene -- but you know , overal , the game wa n't so bad . I 'd say that gk2 probabl creep me out more , mayb becaus of the fact that fmv game lend to realism . but I have to say , Le serpent roug is incred . man , I feel bad for all you peopl avoid the spoiler becaus you ca n't play the game . you must think there 's someth realli , realli interest in there , but you ca n't bear to highlight the text and read it ! By the way , thi is n't actual a spoiler , but I feel like be a jerk . wa n't that part great ! ? I total did n't see it come ! ye , ye . enough on gk3 . I actual start write thi post an hour ago , but then I start to get sidetrack read urllink how much is insid at urllink cockeyed.com . great , great websit . It look like the inspir from anoth old favorit of mine , urllink alltooflat . pick one and go to it . No , in fact , go to both ! you owe it to yourself to at least check out atf 's lion and cross man prank , and cockey 's paparazzi halloween costum . scienc geek can be fun ! startlingli bad transit from humor to seriou topic ! : jessi 's grandmoth pass away on juli 3rd . thi afternoon mark the funer . thank to all my blog reader , gullibl as you are for actual buy into thi whole `` ric 's life '' thing , that pray for her and rememb her famili . she appreci it veri much . I would say more , but as befor , I 'll keep it at that out of respect . So I 'm go to dad 's hous tomorrow morn . thi is not good . I love my dad and enjoy visit , but ... I have to get up at 8:30 . what am I , insan ? 8:30 ? No , no , complet true . It sucketh . but ! I can manag . By the time I get home on sunday , rav 's packag , chock full of all the weird Al cd I could ever want , will have arriv , and I 'll be bask in the glori of cds-i-currently-only-have-on-cassett . man , cassett suck . thi is especi for you , cassett nerd : your medium suck ! aahahaha ! l0ser ! lol n00b ! also -- `` weird Al '' yankov - the ultim video collect rock . thi is all I can say about such a breathtak masterpiec of stereophon sound spectacular . anyway , befor I go and end thi blog entri , a crime scene reveal it ugli head the other day and I need your help in discov the hideout of the perp . I wa here at the comput , mind my own busi , when I look over , and , well ... it 's gruesom , but ... here 's what I saw . If anybodi ha ani idea as to the whereabout of thi viciou killer knife , henri the hellbleed , pleas disclos all tip and trick to me . murder of innoc aluminum must be stop ! Is n't that littl supernova flashi effect on the blade cool ? I did that myself . 
current song : `` awaken , '' symphoni X I could have sworn I just heard dr. phil tell a ladi `` with great power come great respons . '' now where have I heard that befor ? 
current song : `` mr. popeil , '' weird Al and now , for anoth instal of thrill adventur corner ! ! ! 1 ! . I wa lie in bed last night ( thi morn ? ) when I realiz that I had n't written about thi in my last post , so I have to do it now . So I wa on the phone with the rav last night when I glanc over and saw a roach climb the privaci curtain on my door . He wa of a good size , and ON MY frickin ' door . now , natur , when I see one of these bugger , I tend to shoot my glanc around my immedi area to find someth that suit the slaughter . I wa about to grab my mous 's wrist pad to crush him , but then I saw him : henri the hell-bleed . despit hi controversi in the viciou murder of those mountain dew can , henri 's not a bad guy . sure , he tend to be danger , and , actual , quit sharp , but he 's use hi amaz superpow for good befor . In fact , a nice exampl of thi is last night . funni stori : I actual had to pull the impal can off of hi blade becaus it had been on there ever sinc snap the photo . okay , it wa n't that funni . So I grab henri , explain to rav the dire of my situat . then , wield henri in my right hand , I slash at the beast . sever time . let me tell you , I put mediev knight to shame . actual , I think it 's more like : I give mediev knight shame . I miss . mani time . In fact , I think the roach wa more afraid of the thunder crash of steel on door rather than the impend doom of a sharpen blade swing abov it doom person . It scamper about worriedli , alway in the opposit direct of the last place I lower the knife . final , the shockwav dislodg it from the curtain and the creep fell to the floor . mr. rav wit my cun fumbl tendanc with a sharp object as I slice time after time at the roach , eventu crippl it . henri tast blood as he made a nice , clean lacer through the center of the bug . It wa quit a sight . Of cours , the insect wa still wriggl , and now it wa on the toe of one of my slipper . I did n't want it to get away . It had alreadi almost scamper to safeti upon plummet to the ground , and I wa n't about to mark thi down as a miss opportun to actual kill someth with my dagger . So rather than swipe and slash blindli and risk ruin my slipper , I angl the blade and smush that sucker with the side . let me tell you , I 've never been happier to see roach entrail . henri wa victori ! viva la revolucion ! 
current song : `` got ta boogi , '' weird Al technic date : 7/13 renoish date : 7/12 hey , sport fan , welcom to the weblog . today 's been a solidli awesom day . you know how I can prove thi ? when I woke up , there wa a cold coke in the fridg . you know how long it 's been sinc I 've had a real coke ? nearli two month . I had one at my rich uncl 's hous , but oddli -- and I 'm not exagger -- the coke they have there alway , alway tast diet . I think it ha to do with the fact that he ha more money than humanli necessari . you know how I can prove thi ? He ha eleven bathroom . If I 'm exagger , it 's onli bare . So after inhal the excel soda coke ( doubl fine fan , accept thi gener injok ) , I went on to enjoy a way-cool day . you heard me -- way-cool . I phone up my buddi rav and proceed to make hi ear bleed for five hour . that wa a lot of fun . I 've never , ever taken part of that mani weird Al refer via voic . heck , I think our back and forth reference-battl ha even toppl our onlin reference-battl . Ah , well , what can I say ? I 'm just such a groovi guy . If you do n't agre with me , tough -- everyth you know Is wrong . I would stop my incess referec , but whi should I stop now ? look , I 'll Be mellow when I 'm dead . mayb I 'm just a couch potato , but you can stop me by watch the bradi bunch . come on , I Ca n't watch thi ! It sadden me that they even bother put it on cabl TV , let alon let the entir block watch it on frank 's 2000 '' TV . for what it 's worth , mayb I 'm just addict to spud , but that 's what happen when you 're young , dumb and ugli -- you tend to dare to be stupid and use ebay even more than eddi vedder . Oh crap , whi doe thi alway happen to Me ? I 'm on a tangent . I 'd better stop befor I start talk about how It 's all about the pentium . El ravag now hate me . and thi is at 8:30 in the morn ! ( By the way , speak of , my visit with dad went just dandili . I call , left a messag on hi voic mail , then held my breath as I wait for hi return phone call . He end up return at noon , just as I request -- I then went and fix hi comput , then spent a wonder listless night tri to sleep on the couch , wake up everi hour to anoth rerun of full hous . but hi comput is mostli fix ! It still freez horribl , sadli , but I work around thi problem by instal urllink mozilla firefox on hi comput instead of internet explor . seem there 's a bug in IE or someth that 's caus a huge conflict with hi comput , becaus when I cut off it circul , freez wa no longer an issu . Oh well , firefox rule anyway . but other than that , everyth 's awesom and spiffi on hi PC . sucki thing . Do n't buy anyth from hewlett packard unless it 's a printer . ) 
mysticaldreams83 ( 3:57:45 AM ) : I think I might go to bed ... elravager5 ( 3:57:09 AM ) : I hate to bail so earli , but I think I 'm go to go to bed . be tire , an ' all that ... mewd6 ( 3:57:52 AM ) : and now I sleep . separ peopl . separ im . what the crap . ( despit have stuff to talk about , I 'm dodg it thi post . whi ? becaus I can ! neener neener ! ) 
current song : `` I hate everyth , '' georg strait got offic chair ? urllink I sure do . So blogger ha thi new wysiwyg bit . I do n't know how much I like it . I mean , it 's actual realli great , becaus it allow for peopl without much experi to edit their weblog without need to know html ( read : wimp ) . but I demand hardcode- ! I 'm an html veteran , I do n't need these easi version . I type out my code by hand ! I 'm a man ! woof ! grrr ! right . lesse , I should probabl tell you that last week I went to my uncl 's hous for two night and had a blast . wing and steak by day , movi and popcorn by night . watch the western bring Me the head of alfredo garcia thursday night and rocki IV friday night . both realli good movi . ( great , my dog just got up and toss her cooki for no appar reason . and we 're out of paper towel . ) other ' n that , we had a lot of fun . lot of good convers , and I manag to fix all their comput problem for them . I r00lz . man , I wish we had some paper towel . hmm , let 's see , other than that ... oh , we went to the librari the other day . that wa great . I pick up a whole lotta cool stuff . * 's next to thing I need for research for my newest novel ( i.e . it wa either a book on the 40 's or a film noir ) . book : the age of doubt : american thought and cultur in the 1940's* dvd : the man who wa n't there* the third man* monti python 's life of brian big troubl offic space vh : touch of evil* the big sleep* detour* monti python 's fli circu vol3 excit , huh ? ! yeah , I know , you 're thrill . the stori 's do well , of cours , though I need to finish up the plot . It 'll probabl be set around 1948 ... good old fashion film noir detect stori . No , not a sherlock holmes-esqu bit , I 'm talk film noir . black film . struggl privat eye , seduct femm fatal , crook cop , shadi charact , underhand crimin , blackmail whitefemale* , betray , disguis , and deceit -- the work , babi . best kind of movi out there if you ask me . A raini night , a down-on-his-luck privat dick , a damsel with a request , a twist world where noth is what you think it is ... ohhh yeah , my kind of stori . It 's a thrill to be write one of these . By the way , I 've onli watch the man who wa n't there and the third man sinc my trip to the librari on wednesday . the third man is a classic noir -- wonder , wonder stori and dialogu and whatnot . I 'd seen it befor , and so I knew what to expect , but the dvd wa remast and all that and present a brilliant repar of the old film . I would n't mind own that movi , to be honest . the man who wa n't there wa disappoint . I mean , it wa a great movi , but some of billi bob thornton 's act wa overdon ( he wa suppos to play a quiet barber , but he play a too quiet , wooden barber ) , and a few sequenc were rush . awesom twist at the end , though . thi movi wa the perfect exampl of the essenc of noir : a sneaki proposit , a riski chanc , and from there , a downhil mudslid . I felt veri bad for Ed crane : he onli want an escap from the mundan , but a few baaad decis made hi life turn upsid down and then fed it to a kraken . like I said , it 's realli a great movi and I have noth against it -- but I wa expect a lot more than what wa present to me . My expect were rather high , though . anyhow , I 'm off now . mewd is type someth , and I do n't know what it is . wait , no , he sent the IM . nevermind . g'night , folk ! Do n't go jump into ani spider web or get your limb deattach by a sneaki govern contract . *insid joke that you wo n't understand unless your name backward is regavar le . 
