today , ... ... . hmmm . what to say about today , and whatev els ha happen sinc my last post . I cant say anyth here that would make up for whatev it is that ive done in the period of time prior to thi entri . Im not go to call attent to anyth that is particularli depress tonight . Im done with that . Im not go to let myself feel guilti for someth that i 'did ' that doesnt requir an action . I apolog , but i wont let myself feel bad . that the way ive decid i want to live my life , and that how i will . anyway , neal and I took emili out for lunch today as a late birthday lunch . We partook in variou italian festiv while dine at joe 's , and somehow start the day long convers of `` what are car name after ? '' what in the hell is an alero ? montero ? vue ? nobodi know . anyway , after lunch , we all rode in neal 's car to baskin robbin , becaus 1 ) emili want to go there , and 2 ) she didnt want to drive in the 'rain ' . when we arriv , we deliber upon which flavor of ice cream we wish to consum . sinc im bore , and accord to them , i like no food , ever , ( but i am a fan of racism and nazi 's appearantli ... ) , that i decid to just stick with the cooki 's and cream . they on the other hand had to take the puriti and wonder that is ice cream , and crush it beneath neal 's ( terribl cloth ) leg of justic . they decid to buy `` x-mint . '' some lame flavor to celebr a far more amaz piec of cinematographi . Ok , here 's put it lightli . It wa the most unappet look substanc in the histori of mankind . It wa black , ye black , tar black even , and a dark blue . It look like bubblegum on black top . disgust . So of cours , they eat it , complet content that im total and entir disgust by it , and then we decid to go roam . the first stop , `` cascad ... . '' ( in a whisper ) . then around the krispi kreme park lot . We saw a lot of nice hous , we gawk , and continu wonder what car name meant . Is a grand cheroke a realli realli realli awesom nativ american ? anyway , emili had to go to work , so neal came over and hung out for a while . We did noth . for an excrutiatingli long period of time . then neal want to set up my bench press rack thing , which then involv rearrang my entir game room in order to do so . with that finish , and the clock reach 9:30 , neal decid he wa hungri , so he left . I didnt eat . jame came home from la vega later , and brought me some stuff . I smile , it awesom stuff . and now im here , talk to my cousin from california onlin . it been a great day , a simpli fantasm day . noth can bother me as of thi moment . Oh yea , and jeff didnt come to my hous at 12:45 to get some blank cd without hi parent know on a bike , in case you were wonder if anyth of the sort occur , becaus it didnt . well , im done type useless banter for now , ill probabl resum that task later ... song of the day : A beauti day , by U2 quot of the day : `` what in the hell is an accord ? '' neal ... 
well , today wasnt veri excit . My mom had a root canal today , so , to put it lightli , she 's not in the best of mood . she 's not pissi or anyth , just in pain , and i cant blame her . anyth that ha to do with teeth is pretti much unjustifi by medicin reason , and is almost alway unbear . ive been tri to help her out all day . It made me realli realiz how much she doe around the hous , it crazi . I love my mother , as do most of my friend . she 's adopt half of them , and she 's alway so cool about have peopl hang out over here . she 's the coolest . anyway , i wa listen to music , ( quietli ) , and just decid to download the most random stuff ever . stuff that would irrit the hell out of most peopl . can anyon say , `` Im a punk rocker.. '' ? ugh ... yea , she dont know no david bowi , no sex piestol , she 's like 17 , they 're like 100 . anyway , i wa listen to one of avril 's song , and i just kinda notic how dure part of the song , she sound just like ashley elgi . Im seriou . listen to `` Im with you '' , ( for as long as you can stand it ) , and think about how ashley sound , it like exactli the same . anyway , we didnt end up get ani pictur of tobi and hi yellow diaper of justic , i wish we wouldv , but the memori will last forev . haha , still funni ... Oh yea , michael and jeff came over the day befor yesterday , we hung out , it wa pretti cool . michael and I got piss that jeff wa so good at clone war , i wa about to strangl the kid . We were p-i-s-e-d ... ... pise ? Im take emili out for her birthday tomorrow for lunch , anywher she want . she 's not do a good job decid where she want to go though . hmmm , i play some more metroid prime today . Im still afraid of meta-ridley . Im pretti much afraid of that whole game , i dont realli know whi , caus it not scari . ill probabl tri and finish it tomorrow . after lunch , if emili ever make up her mind . jeff leav friday , ill have anoth less person to talk to/hang out with , itll be sad . meh , he 'll have a good time in the north . I talk to a girl that i like today , we 're gon na hang out some day next week . she 's gon na stop by after she get done do her extens cross countri mandatori workout . hope itll be a good time and i wont just be retard . Im feel unusu content right now . pretti much everybodi i know , or care about at the moment , is happi . it awesom how summer doe that to peopl . My view on unhappi peopl are that they shouldnt keep hang out with peopl that : A ) make them unhappi , or B ) are also unhappi . Im in a great mood , i have plan to do stuff thi week and weekend . itll be a good time . haha , south park is a funni show , i just rememb a quot from the episod , `` asspen '' . A ski instructor wa tell the boy how to ski , and he use the pizza and french fri analog . `` If you pizza when you shouldv french fri , you 're gon na have a bad time . If you forget to pizza , you 're gon na have a bad time . '' `` when are we suppos to be have a good time ? '' haha , download it , it priceless . U2 is one of the greatest band of all the world . I hope bono beat out the pope for the nobel peac prize . haha . also , you should listen to the solo that mista martinez want me to play , it not possibl . carniv of venic is the name of satan himself . download , and begin to cri immedi . anyway , im done do my rambl for the night . song of the day : Im with you , by the punk rocker , avril quot of the day : `` I dont rememb pete be like that , kid , get the horsesho ... '' 
happi birthday to shauna ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Oh , and by the way , what happen yesterday , all that talk , i wa just in an extrem bad mood . Do n't worri or anyth , it all good . I had a lesson today , i suck . mayb i should practic ... ... I did get to see mr. M 's brace though . you ca n't even see them practic , it not fair . anyway , im better than him at the moment , it made me smile . anyway , peopl are come over to hang out tonight , and my famili is now gone . hooray ! If you want to hang out , just show up , it all good . It 'll be a fun time . tell shauna happi birthday , or els . ill updat again later , with someth happier , i promis . I need to go run or someth , anyth that make you happi . song of the day : everybodi hurt , by rem quot of the day : `` I just dont think she couldv done it , i mean , excersis give you endorphin , and endorphin make you happi . happi peopl just dont kill their husband . they just dont . '' ell wood from legal blond ( actual rees witherspoon ) 
I am a selfish , heartless , proud , independ bastard . it offici . I think ive manag to piss everi last one of my friend off in the past month . I love the fact that i dont know what im do to anybodi either . I piss off jacob earlier , i dont know how or whi , i wa read what he wa say , tri to realli absorb it , and i wa do other thing , like check and write e-mail , and he get all angri becaus i didnt respond or anyth or whatev . I dont know , i dont even know who im type thi to . I dont have ani friend who read thi anyway . So it just me , feel sorri for myself as usual , but of cours , i wont burden you with my problem , heaven forbid that i concern you with anyth that ha to do with my god forsaken life . I realli do admir jacob for tri to help me tonight , tri to convinc me im no burden , but if im not , then whi did he get offlin in a rage . I want to know the logic behind that one . I wonder if i have ani sharp knive in my hous ... My head still hurt . I wish i could make somebodi happi . just at least one person , that all i want . To make somebodi truli happi for onc . I want to be abl to make somebodi cri or pass out , or faint , or just fall over giddi in glee and joy . I could care less how i feel at that moment , but i just want somebodi to be happi by my hand . mayb jacob is right , mayb i should open up more . but then again , what is thi , pretti much open to me . it not like i expect anybodi to solv my problem . that the reason for whi i dont even ask for help . I wonder whi i feel the way i do sometim . At least everybodi els pretend they 're happi most of the time . I wa told tonight that i scare a lot of my friend , and that i make peopl worri . I feel aw . My head hurt , mayb ill do someth to stop the pain ... . 
yep , im in a super terribl mood/mindset today . I just feel like `` what the point '' . A friend of mine , who 's been veri awesom to me late , sum it up well . He said i wa apathet , and i repli by say that care about everyth ha brought me thi far , whi not tri a chang . He know me so well , he know my feel , he know what kind of person i am , and i wonder how he knew that stuff while i sit here confus as to whi i cant even bring myself to go up stair like normal peopl , or stop count thing . I 've had a lot of headach late . I 've been around too mani peopl and heard too mani thought the past coupl of day . My head hurt now . you wouldnt understand what it like to have to focu on what you are think about person . nevermind , i dont want to get into that . My problem is that i care about peopl , and i dont want them to care too much about me . I feel bad when i tell peopl my problem , becaus i dont want to caus ani distract in their life by forc them to concern themselv with mine . I feel bad for make peopl talk to me about my problem becaus i know that whatev is bother me ha affect somebodi els too . My head hurt . If you were here right now , i would know what you thought of thi , and i would also know how confus you were while you read . mayb ill tell you if you ask me what thi mean , but you wont believ me , it stupid to me . Im glad i have good friend , 2 mainli who both stay up late to talk to me even though they have drumlin camp tomorrow . I appreci peopl , i just dont know whi they appreci me so much . My head hurt . song of the day : cross My heart , by the rocket summer quot of the day : ani of the humor thing i felt or heard from peopl ive been around all weekend . true friend : ryan and jacob 
I leav today for my famili reunion . hooray ... meh , itll be alright . My famili isnt as dysfunct as some . It 'll be a good time . well , ill need to hang out with peopl upon my return , so keep your schedul open . I wont be onlin , or updat for a coupl of day ... and ill be bore . but , hope , my famili will keep my occupi and in a good mood . Im happi now , i dont want that to stop . song of the day : die anoth day , by madonna quot of the day : `` can you say banana ? '' `` No ! '' can you say no again ? '' `` ( no repli ) '' . My babi cousin , and my step-dad . mysteri count : 4 day 
famili ! So mani famili member here today . kinda a good time most of the time , but there 's alway the down bringer . the babi is cute , but it louder than coach horton , ( if you rememb him ) , and enjoy scream , kick , and break thing . My cousin from california came down too , they 're super awesom , and so `` hip '' , ( there 's that word again ) , caus they live near hollywood ... or not so much the hip . meh , either way , it wa a good time , much fun wa had by all . My friend are still great , i just feel terribl for not be abl to see emili on her big day of birth . most of the peopl i know are happi at thi moment , which in turn make me ecstat . I feel great when everyon around me feel good . I could most of the time care less what go on in my own life as long as the peopl i care for are alright . wow , conan wa freakin hilari tonight , haha , wrist hulk , haha , so funni . there 's not a whole lot on my mind tonight . Im not still laugh right now , becaus tobi got hi diaper off , and we didnt get ani pictur , sadli enough . I got to bed at 6:30 AM last night , and got up at 10 , so needless to say , im a tid bit on the tire side , so ill probabl get go soon . song of the day : rest In piec , by saliva quot of the day : `` yea , i work with a guy name mofuck onc . whenev i would be show peopl around the offic , he would intent find me and make me introduc him . So i would be all , `` hey ... .. mofuck ! '' and of cours i would reciev an assort of dirti look . At least it better than when i work with likshit . '' My cousin from california ... . omg , funniest thing ever ! ! ! mysteri count : 3 day 
today IS emili 'S birthday ! woo hoo ! woot woot ^^ ! rais the roof ! everybodi wish her A happi birthday , ( or suffer the dire consequ ) , hooray ! 
I just got done talk to ryan . He 's an amaz guy that one . We talk for hour on end about everyth . Im consid him one of my great friend now , becaus he 's done so much for me . I feel great now , probabl primarili becaus i talk to him , and even start to open up about thing that i normal tri to avoid . I feel indebt to him becaus of the impact he 's had on my life so far . anyway , it early/l , and im in a fantast mood . just thought id write someth out . I wonder if anybodi is read thi . but thank ryan , you 're awesom . 
wow , it been an excit night . you have no idea . Ok , so , i hang out all day , do noth , cousin are on their way , and my famili ha order pizza . while we all eagerli await our nourish , ( not so much me , becaus my teeth hurt like no other ) , we see a car pull up in front of our hous . excit that we now have food , my famili get up off of their butt , ( hard to do ) , and go look outsid , and who other than mr . peek walk to the door . after talk to kaci 's mom for a littl while , ( who is a pretti hip and cool person , that right , i said hip ) , we go back insid to continu wait for pizza . when our pizza final arriv , ( which is hand toss , which we all dislik ) , we eat , and then begin a whole new round of wait , thi time for our cousin . after they arriv , and exchang hug and news from our live , we hear the pleasant sound of children cri and dog yelp . Oh ye , how pleasantli relax it wa . anyway , tobi , ( my dog ) , return from meet the doberman that live down the street , with a big happi giddi bloodi smile . So we pack him up in towel and throw him in the car and head out for a vet that is open at 9 PM . after locat one , we go insid , tobi drip everywher and I without shoe , to see the doctor , who by some odd chanc of luck and amus , ha a mullet , multi-color frog scrub , and an ear on hi left ear . mani laugh i had in the car on the way home . anyway , after tobi got hi 3 stapl for hi lacer , and a big stupidli hilari look yellow diaper for hi punctur , ( haha , so funni look ) , we return home , where tobi then doe not move after be place on the ground again . He doesnt move at all , not even a step , it so funni . and now im here , still laugh at tobi 's redicul diaper . haha , you have to see it , ill take pictur . anyway , that all for today , im done , and that the extent of my day . 
hmm , thought for the day , i need to do someth with my hair , it need a chang . I know i promis somebodi that i would grow it out , but im just look for an idea of what to do . give me some suggest , or els you 'll be forc to look at the terribl mess on top of my neck , ( no , not my face , there 's noth i can do about that ) . tell me what i should do . My cousin come in from lubbock , ye the huge famou excit fast pace headlin citi of lubbock , today and they are some of my favorit rel . all of my favorit live far away , i wonder if that a coincid ... anyway , im look forward to see them . you should stop by and meet them , they 're awesom , and they have a babi and a realli awesom daughter . If you stop by , it might also give them the illus that i have friend , haha . anyway , i just felt like post someth , oh , and funni thing said today ... `` hopetobeanaggi : i wasnt tri to kill you hotstuff793 : i know hopetobeanaggi : i just hit you in the face with a pool toy , and almost drown you hotstuff793 : lol hopetobeanaggi : that 's not attempt homicid hopetobeanaggi : just be realli mean '' yep , cassi 's great , if you disagre , i dont care , she 's cool to me . If you get a person quot in here , it mean someth , so feel proud if you do . hooray for famili reunion thi weekend ... oh wait , no . SO mani small children . Im not a big fan of the tini children , but whatev , it onli for like 2 day . well , im out of thing to say , may post someth later after day 1 of be with rusti and mindi , ( that my cousin name by the way ) . song of the day : call you , by blue octob quot of the day : see abov ^ mysteri count : 2 day 
