thi is unforgett . 
In bush We trust ? john moyer is editor-in-chief of tompaine.com . georg W. bush is a liar . there , I said it -- the `` L '' word . someon in washington had to . thank to awol wmd , peopl all across america have the `` L '' word on their lip , but here in d.c. it 's still a hard one to mouth . few washington-bas comment and fewer politician have done so . On sunday , june 22 , the new york time had a chanc to be the first big-leagu outfit to say it plainli . but the headlin on washington-bas report david E. rosenbaum 's stori , `` bush may have exagger , but did He lie ? '' wa a tip that the stori would pull up short . rosenbaum consid a narrow question -- whether mr. bush ha told ani neat , tidi , obviou lie -- and conclud he ha not ( a coupl of fib and distort , mayb , but no lie ) . whether the presid twist intellig on wmd `` can probabl be answer conclus onli by historian when all the evid and consequ are known , '' rosenbaum wrote . ( So , our kid get to pay the debt for our imperi aspir and our tax break , and someday they 'll be the first to know how it all happen . great . ) distanc seem to make critic easier . the time ' princeton-bas columnist paul krugman ha written that the administr `` systemat and brazenli distort the fact '' and is `` choos and exagger intellig '' and `` mislead the public . '' close , but still no `` L '' word . boston-bas william river pitt is n't daunt : the administr `` lie us into a war , '' write the high-school teacher who moonlight as a columnist for truthout.org . `` trust a teacher on thi . We can spot liar who have not done their homework a mile away . '' A full-pag ad in the new york time last week by moveon.org and win without war , group with member across the nation , put it plainli and hoist the presid on hi own point wmd -- word of mass distort . under the headlin `` mislead '' the ad stack up five of mr. bush 's pre-war whopper and note , `` It would be a tragedi if young men and women were sent to die for a lie . '' ( full disclosur : tompaine.com like the ad so much , we paid to run it in the june 30 issu of the weekli standard . ) harley sorensen , write on sfgate.com , get the prize for direct : `` whi minc word ? these are the fact : 1 ) presid georg W. bush is a liar . 2 ) secretari of state colin powel is a liar . 3 ) secretari of defens donald rumsfeld is a liar . 4 ) nation secur advisor condoleezza rice is a liar . '' No minc there . So the word is out there in differ form -- lie , lie , lie , liar . when will mr. bush 's put oppon in govern , the democrat , decid it 's time to tell it like it is ? democrat have accus the presid of `` a pattern of decept and deceit '' ( sen. bob graham ) , said he 's not been `` entir truth '' ( howard dean ) , and led us to war base on `` unfound assert '' ( rep. denni kucinich ) . strong stuff , but no `` L '' word . opposit worthi of the name would push the gop-control hous and senat hear beyond the question of what the intellig commun knew about wmd , where it seem stall . sen. jay rockefel , the rank democrat on the senat intellig committe , could invok committe rule that would allow hi minor parti to launch a full investig . but he wo n't -- reportedli for fear of be seen as partisan . If thi is n't the time for partisanship -- after all , we 're talk about manipul that led the nation into war -- when is ? rockefel 's timid is allow committe republican to cover what look more everi day like a lie of liter global magnitud . perhap dem fear the day when wmd are found ( and they will be found , by hook or by crook ) . but they need n't worri -- even if mislead the nation to war were n't an issu , mr. bush 's record is full of lie . the presid say he support our troop -- but he propos cut veteran ' benefit and sidestep a law meant to protect the health of soldier head for combat . hi `` leav no child behind '' pledg is a fraud -- he 's vastli underfund hi own educ plan , and he sign the recent tax bill even after hi gop minion sneakili remov provis benefit low-incom famili . mr. bush say he 's a `` compassion conserv , '' but onli a hard-heart radic would push hi robin-hood-in-revers tax polici . He say he want to expand nation servic program , but he 's presid over a huge cut in americorp program . candid bush promis to be `` a unit , not a divid , '' but hi foreign polici have profoundli divid the intern commun , isol america and devalu her stock in the eye of world . mr. bush 's administr is built on lie , which mean the granddaddi of them all is hi promis to restor `` honor and integr '' to the oval offic . presidenti brain karl rove must be worri . rove know that ani presid 's popular rest more on whether voter think he 's a believ and admir leader than on the substanc of issu . georg W. bush ha that go for him -- peopl might not like hi polici ( if they understand them at all ) , but they like hi swagger and certitud , and they trust him to do what he say . but that trust could crumbl if question linger about whether the white hous deceiv us into war . few of the presid 's alli could or would defend that -- even gop-tv ( a.k.a . fox new ) would have troubl explain away that one . 
open up with these excel quot from our dear friend , ann coulter : [ more in-depth attack on coulter later today , I promis ] thi is all from her new book , treason . By the way , I 'm firmli convinc that it should be consid treason to write thi kind of filth . `` ashcroft ha been incessantli attack on the op- page of the new york time by the same columnist who are now angrili demand to know whi the bush administr did n't imprison all arab befor sept. 11 . He ha been compar to the taliban . ( and you 're not a patriot in thi war until a liber ha compar you to the taliban . ) '' `` like everyth liber oppos but do n't have a good argument for , all reason nation secur measur are call `` unconstitut . '' whenev liber are lose on substanc , they pretend to be upset about process . '' `` while undermin victori in the cold war , liber dedic themselv to mainstream communist ideal at home ... betray the manifest nation defens object of the countri is onli part of the left 's treason scheme . they aim to destroy america from the insid with their relentless attack on moral and the truth . ( p. 289 ) '' Oh , yeah . let 's destroy america ! hey , peopl ! where are your liber grenad ? what ? ! you lent them to halliburton ? ! ! `` whether they are defend the soviet union or bleat for saddam hussein , liber are alway against america . they are either traitor or idiot , and on the matter of america 's self-preserv , the differ is irrelev . fifti year of treason ha n't slow them down . ( p. 16 ) '' fifti year of treason ? If treason includ make sure that a bunch of fat pot belli men do n't take over the world , then bring treason on ! *snorts* manifest nation defens object , inde . `` mccarthi 's fundament thesi wa absolut correct : the democrat parti had fallen to the allur of totalitarian . It wa as if the republican had been caught in bed with hitler . ( p. 71 ) '' now we get to my favorit part here ; thi is where ann coulter idol mccarthi . thi is the same bastard who ruin thousand of live and kind of ruin the countri , but he wa n't a liber ! He must be great ! bitch ! how dare she ? ! `` when the democrat ' bluff wa call in a roll call vote in congress , mani vote for war with iraq . inadvert perform a great servic , new york time columnist maureen dowd reveal the democrat ' treason calcul . she explain that democrat would be forc to fake enthusiasm for the war on terror or lose the american peopl forev . democrat , she said , `` fear that if they approach '' iraq the same way they did dure the gulf war in 1991 , `` they will be portray as mcgovernit wimp . '' consequ , liber would lie and pretend to support america . with their vote duli record , they went right back to attack the war . ( p. 14-15 ) '' while maureen dowd is not the nicest person in the world , I have yet to see her condemn everi conserv in the world as have commit treason . dowd might be petti , but there is a line where she stop and rare cross . coulter on the other hand , ha no problem discredit actual achiev of peopl base sole on the fact that she doe not like them , as can be seen here : `` carter would travel to norway to accept the award in decemb 2002 - two month after congress had author war against iraq . articl iii 's definit of treason is narrow . but after congress 's action author war , for ani american to accept thi award on the ground offer doe sound terribl like `` adher to their enemi , give them aid and comfort . '' ( p. 257 ) '' ye . carter ha actual help peopl and done more than you ever have to help anyon els . carter ha save live , and coulter ha caus grief . let 's see . who 's the better person ? I 'm think here - Oh , clod . she is , inde , a horribl person . 
Ok ... so here it goe . icenhow wa talk to me ... and she goe , shake her head , `` sreya ... I just got the grade ... they 're terribl ! what are you do with yourself ! I ca n't believ thi ... you know colleg see your final transcript ... `` but on a funnier note , colella and connolli were talk and colella goe , `` ever sinc she got in to colleg she 's been ... phew ! forget homework left and right ! '' `` well , '' connolli goe , `` she must have been realli smart . the way she act in my class , she got accept as a freshman ! '' 
I am afraid of fail biolog . I am also equal afraid of fail calculu . whatev I get in either of those class should not matter becaus I 'm go to retak them either in colleg , or in the case of the hate calculu , I will be take it over the summer . what will happen if rutger rescind my offer of admiss : 1 . I will be disown . 2 . I will be without a roommat . 3 . sarah will hate me for life . 4 . I will be noth , and nobodi . 5 . It wo n't matter becaus I am dead . there seem to be no pro to thi situat , so we 'll all move on . what I need to do : ( It 's too late to accept anyth but the usual F on my next bio thing . but I can complet the worksheet and make an attempt to BS stuff . the worksheet might also help me studi . count on me be up until a realli hellish hour . ) I have also written the world 's crappiest poem . and afterward , I think that I should eat chees . ye . chees . move On ... 
I am stuck on the plot for sanguin fortress . everi problem I solv creat a new one . did you know that thi hunk of junk is the largest project I have ever attempt ? I wo n't say more than that ... I 'd jinx myself . what wa today ? ( two Ap exam in a row , pizza , gerbil and a veri wise say . ) samantha figueroa ask me what I want to do in spanish class yesterday , and I told her I want to make it possibl for more american to have health insur . So she said to me , `` I do n't know what you feel about what 's up there ... but you know , you 'd get mad point with him . '' and that got me think more than anyth els ... is there a god ? I honestli do n't know what to think anymor . I 'm so fri . anyway ... everytim I write SF I feel better , although it 's thoroughli depress at the same time . So I 'm go to keep go . and hope , sometim , I can read my work and say , `` well ... I 've gotten a damn sight better sinc then . '' 
