paunang salita hello ! ! ! halina at makisama sa mga adbentyur ni herm at jacki . ang ake 2 alaga ... punong-puno ng buhay at aksyon ... na minsan ay may halong s.t . flick . eto ... DA adbentyur OF herm and jacki adbentyur # 1 uunahin ko yung ma matanda ... si jacki ipinanganak sha noong march 14 , 1997 . nung dumat sha sa bahay namin ... napaka-amo at mahiyain nya . palag nakabuntot sa akin ... di ko sha mashado napaglalakad sa bahay nuong una dahil ... meron na rin kame isa pang dalmatian sa bahay ... si sli ! Si sli ay hindi purong dalmatian ... 80 % lang sha ... isa sa mga characterist ng dalamatian ay ang pagig territori nito . kaya nung dumat si jacki sa bahay ... nagkaroon agad ng mortal na kaaway . habang lumalaki si jacki ... unti-unti naman itong nagkakasungay ( heheh ) . siya ang nagle-lead sa iba pa name aso ( may 2 pa nun ... si sli ( dalmatian ) at hubb ( terrier ) ) para magkalat at mag-ingay sa bahay . may isang pagkakataon na binagsak ni jacki yung salamin ng dine tabl namin.basag ang salamin ! ! ! hirap na hirap akong tanggalin sha dun ... mabuti na lang at kont galo lang ang nakuha nya . siguro kung kaya nya lang ibagsak ang piano matag na nyang ginawa . Sa bahay ... si jacki at sli ang umuubo ng betadin kesa sa ame pamilya . lagi silang masaya sa garden ... binabasag ang mga paso , nagbubungk ng lupa ... atbp . maram kuwento ng kakulitan itong si jacki ... tsaka ko na ibabahagi sa inyo ! : D Si jacki ay isa sa mga pinaka-mabait name aso ... mabait na makulit . At eto ang isa pang natatangi nyang kakayahan ... galit sha sa panget ... no offens ha ... pero minsan kumatok sa ame pintuan ayung isa name kapitbahay na madam inaaway ... biglang tumahol si jacki nang pagkalakas-laka ... at mistulang lalapain na iyong ale . iyong ale iyon na maram kaaway ... at talagang masama ang ugali lang ang kinahulan ni jacki ng ganung katindi . Si jacki rin ang aso name marunong umart ... heto ang kanyang pictur sinasadya nyang pagandahin ang tenga nya ng mga panahong kinuhaan ko sha ... kasi tangan ko sa kaliwa kong kamay ay isang biscuit . itong aso kong ito ... lahat kinakain ... kahit papel kakainin nya ... ganon kalaki ang tiwala nya sa akin . itutuloy ... note : thi wa elois 'S origin post 
I just want to rememb thi day.earli my aunt live in nevada gave me a call . I bare recogn her voic becaus of her hard sob , and I instantli knew what wa wrong.you see yesterday even when she call me up , she 's told me that right at that moment , her babi - raider , a 7 year old black labrador - will go under the knife and that she and her husband were frantic , worri sick . she 's told me that there were bump over raider 's bodi . I knew it did n't look good and my aunt who is a nurs , seem to refus to face the possibl that her babi could die ... but 'mother ' are like that , are n't they ? but when the vet cut raider open , instantli they knew that the cancer ha spread all over hi bodi and there 's just no hope . So immedi they told my aunt and uncl and ask them if they would want them to close him up , wake him up so that they can say goodby . they were also told that raider wa realli suffer . they chose to let him rest in peac . He wa cremat and today hi remain will be deliv to my aunt . I just want to rememb thi day when I wa n't abl to consol my aunt ... ..the day when I realiz , that someday , I will experi the same thing when my babi decid to 'go away ' , for good.raid , rest in peac ... .someday mom and dad will be just fine . 
here 's gollum with the kitten . see the one at her back ? i alway thought that one look like sam , that girl who won the starstruck kid final . hehe . I wa actual surprid when i saw them thi way , in peac coexist . kasi , gollum almost alway play with the 3 cat ... karinyo brutal ang laro nila . then , here 's gollum now ... su , kalandi ... hehe . titingin pa e ... post by : bebelab 
adbentyur # 2 meet herm ( her-me ) , born : june 7,2001 breed : shih tzu color : tri-color gender : femal bigay lang sa akin si herm ng isa sa mga student ko . medyo di na sha naa-alagaan dahil sobrang busi na nung bata ( kyna ) ... nagkasakit na si herm . she had heartworm and wa confin at the anim hous vet for 3 week . nung umuwi na sha ... nakapag-decid na ang parent ni kyna to give up herm . At shempr ... .sa aken nila ito ibinigay ( fave teacher nya akow ! ) habang inia-abot sa akin si herm ito ang last word ni kyna at aissa ( magkapatid ) teacher elois ... she 'll be your dakilang alalay '' . nung inuwi ko si herm sa bahay namin ... ang payat-payat nya at kalbo ... hindi sha mukhang aso ... mukha shang pusa . still ... hit na hit si herm sa bahay at di lang dun pati na ren sa ake mga kaibigan . totoo yung sinabi nilang `` dakilang alalay '' si herm kasi kahet saan ako pumunta ... sunod den sha ng sunod . inakyat ko sha sa taa sa kwarto namen para laruin . dun muna sha para di mashado magselo si jacki ... bumaba akong sandali para ihanda yung kanyang pagkain ... ng biglang ... blag ... blag ... blag ... '' Si herm nahulog sa hagdan ! '' sigaw ni nanay . Ay sus..sa sobrang pagig `` pala-sunod '' nagpatihulog sa hagdan si herm to be with me . awww ... ai n't she the sweetest ? post by : elois 
urllink thi is her ! : D thi is baybe booski when she wa a pup . that her topak mode . Oh , by the way , thi is the other boo . not the one that die . thi one 's the doggi that live with me . 
I just notic that no one els wa post here the last few day ... except me ! lolz . I just read mama sangr 's post earlier on about rescu that poor lil creatur . I took the liberti in log onto my local anim shelter 's websit and goshiez , the pet up for adopt are soooooooooo cute ! ! If I could onli have them all , I 'd definit go for em . the dog that look like mop , the one that look like broom ... the one that look like old men ... heheh . well , theyr all cute . 
I have a friend who long for a companion ( like her husband isnt enough ) one with big droopi eye ( full of mucu ) one with big fat cheek ( that hang like water balloon ) one with a wrinkl face ( that look like a wrinkl butt ) one with a cold nose ( cuz it alway full of snot ) one with a big mouth and bad breath ( that drool like a water fountain ) one that she can cuddl ( i dunno whi she couldnt settl for a pillow ) one that she can feed ( ahem , husband ? ! ? ) one that she can take care of ( mm , how about a plant ? ) one that she long for so much ( that she actual ask me to write someth about , what a wast of my time ! ) one that actual a dog name TJ ! lolz ! ! okay the dog actual cute . I wa just bein sarcastic..duh 
i first met him a littl more than three year ago , when i wa volunt at the local dog shelter . we found him abandon at hi origin owner 's home . the owner left him , though she realli did n't want to -- she had to go to heaven . so there he wa : bare three month old , veri frighten , and veri alon . he did n't know we were there to help him , and so he wa a difficult littl ball of fur to handl . i came into the room and our eye met , neither of us realiz that at that moment , both our live were go to chang forev . as the day pass , he eventu warm up to me -- he possess all of the usual shar pei attribut , includ be aloof and even suspici of stranger . i name him noah , becaus of hi burli disposit and the wrinkl on hi face , he remind me of an old man . he won my heart complet and i decid to be the one to give him hi new perman home . he decid to give my life some mean . i live alon , noah give me reason to look forward to come home everi day . he is an intellig dog , and typic to most shar pei , he act with great digniti and is complet loyal to me . he trust me implicitli . he make me feel need , like i 'm a fine person and that i 'm safe . definit , safe , for he is veri territori and though he ha never bitten anyon , he let guest know he doe n't like their presenc in hi turf . shar pei are definit not for the first-tim dog owner , but i 've had lot of experi with dog in the shelter . i wa veri lucki that i had the chanc to get to know such a magnific creatur . without noah , i 'd have been lost long ago . sadli , noah 's plight is not at all uncommon . there are million of dog in shelter , wait for someon to take them home and give them all the love and affect that they 're more than will to return . in england alon , everi citizen must have 14 dog each to give all the dog there a home . if you 're think of have a dog , pleas visit the shelter in your area . or at the veri least , research about the breed you are think of buy , so that you will know what to expect . have a dog is an enorm , long term respons , one that we should all think of veri thouroughli befor act on . the reward , howev , would be beyond your wildest dream . 
I have alway love anim ; especi dog . grow up , I had all sort of pet ; from bird , rabbit , fish to dog . each were special in their own way . what I appreci most from these anim is their abil to sens our feel . they know when you 're down , when you 're happi ... they know you . five year ago , when my brother went back to the philippin to continu hi educ ; we got a dog ... just to keep him compani . A dog name boo . she wa a sweet littl thing , a sweet and beauti mongrel . As time went by , we all got attach to the dog . although the rest of my famili and I were live oversea , each and everytim we 'd go back , she wa alway there . she wa a part of our famili . As she grew , her primit instinct develop and she becam one of the most fear dog in our neighbourhood . she protect our home . she protect us . apart from be the protector that she wa ; she wa also a veri good mother to her puppi . It wa such a sweet sight whenev we 'd give her littl goodi then she 'd call her babi one by one ; feed the youngest first . she had alway put her kid first . just like we human do . she also offer us lil gift at time . she onc caught a fish and brought it to my dad . she also caught a bird and did the same thing . everybodi love her . two year ago , we receiv a phone call from my cousin . He live with my brother and he too look after boo . He told us that the 15 year old son of our neighbour had shot our boo in the heart - IN our frontyard . she wa 3 month pregnant ... and she wa shot right in the heart ... right in the heart . she laid there , in our resthous and bled to death . My cousin phone by brother shortli after and he rush home . My whole famili wa outrag . everyon cri . We love that dog so much . peopl say that we are foolish to have such a strong attach to just an anim . she wa n't just an anim to us ; she wa our famili . til thi day , I still find it hard to talk about the incid . write thi ha made tear well up in my eye . It still hurt . I still miss my dog . sometim it hard to understand the thing peopl do . anim are still live be ... they breath , they feel , they love just as we do . My famili ha tri to take the case to court . howev , sinc it is the philippin , noth much ha been accomplish becaus accord to them , it wa just an anim . sinc the incid occur , I havent return to the philippin . I do not know if I could control myself under the circumst of see that famili and rememb what they did to my dog . It still hurt and I still miss her . 
A new ad attract on our mini zoo ... : D she 's a 3 mont old monkey and we call her chi-chi . At first medyo takot pa sya sa tao . medyo aloof.. and mabaho . heheh ! ! ano nga ba naman ang maaasahan mo sa pet shop to take care of thi littl soul.. siguro matag na siyang walang ligo . medyo manipi ang hair nya and payat talaga . kawawa namang nilalang . nabulunan pa nga nung first time name pinakain ng sage ... and we thought fruit lang ang pued nyang kainin . As week pass , medyo nakakarel na din siya sa environ nya . nililiguan namin siya thrice a week and she slept with my sister . Of cours , medyo takot kami kasi baka may sakit , may ebola , may aid , lahat-lahat na but then unresist talaga ang charm ng littl chi-chi na to sa amin . Oh my.. kumakain din pala ng kanin ang unggoy . minsan kasabay namin siyang kumain.. OO nga.. nang-aagaw sila ng pagkain minsan . heheh ! may pagkamaldita lang tong bata na to kasi pag nandyan na nanay nya ( my sister ) .. ayaw ng sumama sa kin . whenev her mom 's at school , she 's here with me at my shop ... and she alway fall asleep in my arm na parang babi talaga . As we know , maingay dito sa shop.. pag inaantok na ang bata at may biglang malaka na tunog.. sumisigaw siya ... minsan bumubulong.. siguro sa loob-loob nya `` ano ba naman tong lugar na to.. ang dilim dilim pero ang ingay '' or kaya `` ano ba kayo ! inaantok ako ! wag kayong maingay ! '' hahaha ! ! ah.. may isang bese lang pala siyang sumama sa kin na nasa tabi lang nya yung sister ko.. wala pang isang minute.. inihian ako . bad chi-chi ! even bullit have an experi on her pee habit ... ganon siguro sila , parang sinasabi na.. `` thi is my properti '' chuvabel . : ) her latest improvement.. play . At first , takot siya sa 3 aso namin ... even with my littl schat . minsan kasi tinatahulan or kinakagat siya ( kagat na lamb ) nung mga babi ko but not now.. palaban na din ang mats . not realli palaban pero kaya na nyang makipagsabayan . one morn , nasa lapag lang siya at di nilalapitan ng mga aso.. Di siya pinapansin . nilapitan si achil ( which is so big na.. ) at kinurot near hi pwet . syempr , ang initi reaction ng aso.. kinahulan tapo kinakagat-kagat siya.. she also do that.. nakikagat din ang loka.. nakita ni schat na nilalaro ni achil si chi-chi.. lumapit ang dalaga ko ( si schat ) .. ang nakiharot na din . content ang 2 ( schat and achil ) kasi nakaganti and they left her . Ay naku.. she did n't even cri kahit pinagtulungan nung dalawa . pero chi-chi is not content , nilapitan ang schat at siya naman ang kinurot . tawa na lang kami ng tawa sa kalokohan nya . heheh ! don lang sa isang aso ( na adult na talaga ) siya di makaporma kasi baka iwasiwa siya non . hahaha ! Ok na yung itsura nya ngayon ... makap na yung balahibo nya , may buhok na unlik befor na nakakalbo siya.. and syempre.. tumaba na din . : ) sabi ko sa sister ko , itur nya yan parang tao.. dapat lage yakapin , alagaan ( as what ate thess told me ) pero parang sobra ata tong kapatid ko kasi kahit pagtulog at pagkain.. magkasama na sila . heheh ! I realli want to post a pictur of my sister and chi ... pero di maupload dito eh.. can somebodi help me . post by : joann 
I thought of post thi photo of daniel when one day I saw her , just her head , peek outsid when she heard the nois I wa make in the kitchen . curiou as she 's alway been and with half eye close , there she wa tri to find out what mama 's been up to . taken yesterday ( juli 31st ) ... thi wa gizmo sleep on top of hi shirt . It 's a known fact that ferret sleep in the dark but sinc we 've been have warm weather the past day , the light did n't seem to bother him ( jacob and daniel were sleep under their other shirt ) also taken yesterday , their dad and I decid to buy them a piano hope to find out if we have a mozart in the famili ( that 's not all togeth true , we got jealou becaus the other day , we saw a piano-playing-ferret on tv so we thought.. perhap our kid can do better . ) jacob play about 3 note out of curios . papa and mama actual clap their hand when they heard what jacob ha accomplish ! unfortun the piano did n't interest them at all , all they want to do wa to destroy it . kid do the darnest thing ! ! 
