lord thank you and take away all fear that I have right now . give me and fill me up with your love . right now I am scare and need your help desper . pleas work everyth out for your good . help me love you and act on that love by love other peopl and worship you . 
father , make the deepest desir of my heart be for me to live to glorifi you and have you glorifi in me . there is noth els that can fit your will complet in me . help and give me a mindset with thi in mind . I want to die to my flesh , so that I may be abl to walk in your spirit and like . I want to reject ani part of myself and gain all of your qualiti . I need you to save me from myself , or befor I know it , I will kill myself , but not to you but to the world . save me from everyth , give me your strength . love , hannah 
late I have been so confus of what I have been feel . I know that what I am do is right , that I have god 's bless , that I am in hi will . yet , at time I feel like I am have pride and lack of love and compass . I wonder , will I have the word to express all these thing ? will I make sens ? whi did I take thi burden on myself ? whi did n't I allow god to help me ? whi did n't I go to him and let him open my eye sooner ? whi wa everyon so scare to tell me ? whi did n't I listen when they actual did ? man , I can be a dumb man . yet , thank you lord that you are bigger than me and all of thi . thank you jesu , that you are help me through thi . guid me lord and show me when and how to commun and love her through thi . 
all my life I have been tri to pleas my dad . god ha continu told me , `` pleas Me and you will be pleas your dad . '' So then I continu to tri to press on to be obedi to the lord and follow jesu daili . As I grow and notic the truth in hi word and the wicked of the world around me , I get more and more convict that I need to follow in my life and obey . yet , then I becom a person that my dad doe n't want me to be . He want me to do noth but get a degre and get marri . He doe n't want to wait for the right time . He doe n't want me to serv god . He misunderstand so mani point in the scriptur and then get angri with me becaus I tri to follow them out . He is the onli person that doe n't want me to go to africa becaus I need to go to school . He is upset with the way I am turn out . yet , sinc hi expect of sarah are lower , I would say that he is equal pleas with both of us . I 'm not say I am perfect or he should even be proud of me . He ha ask , `` Ca n't there be someth in the middl ? '' whi doe he want idl daughter that want onli what the world around us tell us to ? whi doe n't he want me to serv the lord by work with children in africa ? the lord ha been so faith to me and yet he doe n't even notic . yet , I ca n't have the hope of pleas my dad , I just need to be obedi to god . mani time my relationship with my father is the hardest struggl in my life . I want to obey him and respect him as I am told to do in galatian and colossian and throughout the bibl , yet he doe n't even respect the fact that I am attempt to follow jesu daili and to go where He is lead me . My dad may never be support or see the view that I hold , but I know that they are of the lord and jesu is there help me and guid me . onc again , jesu tell me , `` I love you , you are in My will . Do n't wonder what he want , onli do what I want . never feel bad for do what I desir . '' 
wahoo ! So much is go on . I am pray about go to africa and an applic to rainbow of hope is be mail to me today . I am pretti sure thi is the organ that I want to go with . I hope jessica like it too . It realli seem like god want me to go . I pretti much just need to trust in him to provid and show me the way . god is good , all the time . all the time , god is good . 
In the pamphlet , `` My heart - christ 's home '' , robert boyd munger is talk about how he wa spend time in the morn 's with jesu in the live room . He had been miss the daili time and hurri in the morn . one morn he saw jesu in there wait and he ask jesu if He had been there all along . then jesu explan : `` the troubl is that you have been think of the quiet time , of bibl studi and prayer , as a mean for your own spiritu growth . thi is true , but you have forgotten that thi time mean someth to me also . rememb , I love you . At a great cost I have redeem you . I valu your fellowship . just to have you look up into my face warm my heart . Do n't neglect thi hour if onli for my sake . whether or not you want to be with me , rememb I want to be with you . I realli love you ! '' I know thi is how the lord feel and that I realli need to spend more time with him . yet , He ha been on the back burner . I need to move him up to the front and make him my top prioriti . I have in some way , like with my convict . yet I have n't with my time . I continu put peopl as more import in my schedul . I know that there are technic 2 front burner on the stove , but god need to be on both . lord help me make you more import in my life . help me stand up for you and the thing you desir for me to do . they are import and I need to make the thing import to you import to me . thank you for your faith to me . 
there are so mani question that I wonder about the bibl . how do I know how to wait while I am tri to figur them out . I have been tri to figur out some thing like : 1 ) Is the first part of 1 cor . 11 cultur or liter 2 ) Is it okay to speak in tongu to oneself in a church servic 3 ) how far must we go to prevent stumbl other . . . plu mani more . for exampl , 1 cor . 14:34 say , `` let your women keep silent in the church , for they are not permit to speak ; but they are to be submiss , as the law also say . '' 1 tim . 2:11 say , `` let a woman learn in silenc with all submiss . '' accord to the strong , silent mean silenc and church mean a meet place ( jewish synagogu , church ) that includ saint of the earth and in heaven . yet , thi word for woman mean wife . where do the singl women lie in thi ? what are we call to do ? Is it possibl for when the bibl say the word , `` brother '' `` man '' it is realli refer to the male gender onli ? I ask all of thi not to bring more confus , but to mayb figur it out . I know that I am call to pray and studi out thi issu . howev , what do I do while I wait . Do I be silent or do I continu to speak ? Is it my pride that make me want to speak ? Or if I stop to speak , could I end be like the servant that buri hi gift in the sand ? I see both side as not good option . I just want to serv the lord and to tri to understand what HE want me to do . I know that I ca n't alway be abl to look , read , and follow . yet , I definit need some more insight on thi one . tongu ? . . . 1 cor . 14:18-19 `` I thank my god I speak with tongu more than you all ; yet in the church I would rather speak five word with my understand , that I may teach other also , than then thousand word in a tongu . 1 cor . 14:16 ( amplifi ) `` otherwis , if you bless and render thank with [ your ] spirit [ thoroughli arous by the holi spirit ] , how can anyon in the posit of an outsid or he who is not gift with [ interpret of unknown ] tongu , say the amen to your thanksgiv , sinc he doe not know what you are say ? '' I guess my question are : can we not speak in tongu around other peopl ? even if it 's under our breath ? can we not speak in tongu when other peopl are pray ( in the known languag ) . thi is what I am see in the vers , yet I am not see it practic - even by myself . stumbl other . . . how are we suppos to prevent other from stumbl when we do n't know what stumbl them ? how do we know if they are heal ? how can we be cautiou ? As a group , can we prevent do certain activ for the benefit of other ? can we be sensit to everyon 's need and struggl ? how far should we go for these thing ? just random thought . . . 
last night I went to quo vadi . We all share what god ha been do in our live , and I wa abl to share how god ha been help me with my fear . then , of coars , come an opportun to face one of them . As we were all talk about play the jimbay , they ask if I want to give it a tri . I said , `` No , I do n't have rhythm '' . It 's okay , you just feel it . `` No , serious , I ca n't hear it or feel it . I do not want to play it . '' just when they stop ask . . . god say , `` Is thi anoth fear ? '' Me , `` ye , it 's pride , huh ? '' god , `` ye '' Me , `` alright , so even if it is lord , I am not go to overcom it today . '' I began think of way I could mayb practic it at home to tri it at a later date . Me , `` No , I am definit not go to do it today . I will look and sound stupid . I ca n't keep a rhythm . '' god , `` So , I am help you over come your fear ? you just told them all about it earlier . how about you actual do what you were talk about . overcom it . '' Me , `` I ca n't get out of it . fine one song , that 's it . '' So , I did . god final won . It wa actual fun . who would 've guess it . micah seem to think I kept the rhythm throughout the song . I know I mess up a littl bit . but it wa actual fun and I did it ! prais the lord ! after all , it 's all for him anyway . He doe n't care what it sound like . think back , I actual said to god , `` lord , I am not go to overcom it today . '' how can I possibl call him lord and not be submiss to hi voic . Is n't the mean of lord that I am suppos to submit and serv him ? hmmm , as I 'm talk to him , I use an oxymoron . If I am not submit to him , then whi call him lord ? hello , that is so dumb of me . like call him lord make my desir of disobedi better or not as bad . yet , jesu is consist and realli desir me to obey , so He did everyth He could to help me be obedi . HE is good and great . prais the lord ! , for real thi time . 
never underestim My jesu you tell me there 's no hope I 'm tell you you 're wrong ! never underestim My jesu when the world around you crumbl you will be strong , you will be strong can I be free of thi unreleas sin overcom the obstacl are overcom my fear never underestim my jesu Is n't that the truth ? lord even though , `` I think I ca n't , I think I ca n't , but I think you can , I think you can ! gather my insuffici , place them in your hand , place them in your hand . '' lord , help me keep them there . help me lord . thank you for the continu remind that you are work on resolv my fear . prais you lord ! 
urllink urllink urllink urllink 
1 john 4:4 `` you are of god , littl children , and have overcom them , becaus He who is in you is greater than he who is in the world . '' Oh me of littl faith ! whi do I doubt ? lord give me more faith and hope in you . build these thing up in me . show me what my part is . lord , you are awesom and you are love . help me be made perfect in love . `` . . . If we love one anoth , god abid in us , and hi love ha been perfect in us . '' ( 1 Jn . 4:12b ) I do not want to fear anyon or anyth , make me have perfect love toward all jesu . I need to know how you did it . shine your light in me and strengthen me lord . I love you . 
tonight at home group , the lord wa realli teach me and remind me of differ thing . they seem so milki and at an elementari level of biblic knowledg . but thi is where I am at . tonight we studi 1 john 3 . micah brought up how amaz the first phrase is `` see how great a love the father ha bestow on us , that we would be call children of god . . . `` I wa think , 'yeah , so . He love us , but whi is that so amaz , we alreadi know thi . ' then god start to show me whi it is so amaz . As I have been deal with all of these fear , god wa tell me , `` I love you . you are My child . I will protect you like ani good earthli father . I have your best in mind . I know the best thing for you . '' all of a sudden , wow , whi do I doubt you lord . whi do I doubt who you are and your love for me ? lord give me more trust in you . We also talk a lot about love other peopl . for the past coupl of day I have been ask peopl , do I tell peopl the truth about the bibl and god 's way when they view me as holi roller , molli mormon , and think I am put myself on a higher level than them ? So mani time when I tell my famili someth that is concret in god 's word like 1 Jn . 3:6-8 , it 's black and white and there is noth anyon can do to chang the mean of it . yet , then grant brought up 1 Jn . 3:18 `` littl children , let us not love with word or with tongu , but in deed and truth . '' tell my famili the truth about these thing is love them in truth . even if they do n't perciev it as love , it is still love . just as david remind me , I need to pray for them . I need to pray a whole lot . lord help me not give up on my famili . help me realiz you have your hand on my famili 's live and you love them so much more than I do . micah brought up too that we need to be more open and honest with peopl . answer peopl 's question truth about our live and not tri to make peopl comfort . chrissi ad that if we are more bold with peopl and they decid to no longer have fellowship with us , then that can be a good thing . It can show them what exactli is miss in their life . they might miss it when it 's gone . today I read about the flood . It continu show how noah obey all that god command him . It say how noah wa a righteou man . yet , the first thing he did when he got off the ark wa get drunk and nake . the lord dealt with him accordingli and noah dealt when shem accordingli when he look upon noah 's naked . these chapter realli show god 's merci and love in have a remnant of peopl that wa save . they also show how the lord ha a balanc of hi merci and grace with the need of be obedi to him . lord help me be obedi and rememb the promis you have given to me . help me reli more upon you . I love you lord . 
come to find out I have more and more fear approach daili . In the past coupl of day , I have realiz just how mani fear I have . I have the fear of the lord pick someon for me that I wo n't like . I have fear of the unknown . I have fear of look stupid ( like when I am danc ) , which is pride . I have a fear of not be a good enough wit . I also have a fear of the demon realm . I have a fear that I ca n't get past all of my fear . yesterday I read proverb 1. vs. 33 say , `` but whoever listen to me will dwell safe , and will be secur , without fear of evil . '' luke 12:32 say , `` Do not fear , littl flock , for it is your father 's good pleasur to give you the kingdom . '' 1 tim . 1:7 say , `` for god ha not given us a spirit of fear , but of power and of love and of a sound mind . '' psalm 112:7 say , `` He will not be afraid of evil tide ; hi heart is steadfast , trust in the lord . '' isaiah 35:4 say , `` say to those who are fearful-heart 'be strong , do not fear ! behold , your god will come with vengeanc , with recompens of god ; He will come and save you . '' lord , you give me some awesom promis and resourc to reli upon . whi do n't I trust you ? whi do I doubt that you will come and save me ? whi do I doubt that I have been given more power from you than in the demon realm ? whi do I doubt that greater is you in me than is of the world ? lord , I admit to you all of my fear , worri , and struggl . I know I have a lack of faith and trust in you . you have shown yourself to be more faith to me over all situat . help me trust you more . help me rememb all the time you have save me from myself , danger , and my sin . help me rememb all the time you have prevent me from make wrong turn in my life . I prais you for how you have been faith to me through all of my struggl , and through all of the victori you have help me achiev . lord , continu to be my helper . help me go to you for help jesu . I love you , and I want to love you even more . amen . 
A while ago , I wa read exodu 14 and vers 13 and 14 say , `` Do not be afraid . stand form and you will see the deliver the lord will bring you today . the egyptian you see today you will never see again . the lord will fight for you ; you need onli to be still . '' the lord fight constantli for all of our battl , especi the spiritu one within . He is good and all we need to do is be still and know that He is lord . A coupl of day ago I read exodu 35:21 , 36:6-7 `` . . . everyon who wa will and whose heart move him came and brought an offer to the lord fo rth ework on the tent of meet , for all it servic , and for the sacr garment . all who were will . . . . then mose gave an order and they went thi word throughout the camp : 'no man or woman is to make anyth els as an offer for the sanctuari . ' and so the peopl were restrain from bring more , becaus what they alreadi had wa more than enough to do all the work . '' would n't it be nice if thi wa the problem today . I think that we need to be wise to who we give to , yet I think it 's imposs to give too much to the right sourc . everyth I have is god 's and I need to rememb that . It 's not on loan . the thing that god doe give me though , I should go to him to show me how to use it wise for hi good purpos . 
1 corinthian 5:11 `` but now I have written to you not to keep compani with anyon name a brother , who is sexual immor , or covet , or an idolat , or a revil , or a drunkard , or an extortion - not even to eat with such a person . '' sound somewhat simpl now , right ? wrong . appli thi vers to my life is veri hard . My sister fit these thing and now I need to figur out how to be obedi to thi . how much time is it okay to spend with her ? are my parent suppos to ostric her out of the famili ? I do n't know . My uncl mostli , and also my cousin , probabl claim to mani peopl that they are christian , yet they are drunk . Am I not to go to ani famili function ? Am I suppos to be like my grandad and just pretend like it 's not go on ? thi is what I am go to seek out . 
just as I think , `` most of my question are get answer - or at least not as confus '' , I get some new question . I am begin to realiz , `` there IS alway more TO learn about live out christian . from thi , there will alway BE more question . IT 'S not bad TO BE question and figur out how TO live out the bibl . thi IS attempt TO live out life AS A christian . '' I have been feel like I have been legalist late , yet I have n't . I am simpli attempt to be obedi to the thing the lord ha been convict me about . have I perfect it , no way , I have a long way to go . yet , do thing becaus the bibl say so is n't legalist , it 's be obedi to jesu . galatian 3:1-3 say , `` O foolish galatian ! who ha bewitch you that you should not obey the truth , befor whose eye jesu christ wa clearli portray among you as crucifi ? thi onli I want to learn from you : did you receiv the spirit by the work of the law , or by the hear of faith ? are you so foolish ? have begun in hte spirit , are you now be made perfect by the flesh ? '' So basic , I just need to be abl to trust in god as I am do thing and not tri to do it out of my flesh . It 's a lot easier to not be legalist than I thought . just becaus other may think I am be legalist as I am be obedi , doe n't mean it 's true . I ca n't make my walk decreas becaus of other misconcept . I am not say thi pride , I am say it becaus it is more import to be obedi to god and pleas him by obey him than by worri about what other think about my walk . 
sometim I think `` what am I hear ? who am I listen to ? how am I suppos to respond to it ? '' So then I wonder , what if I am put these thought into my own head . mayb , just mayb I want to hear what I want so bad that I say it to myself . then I go into the mode , `` mayb my whole way of want answer is so clog up in my head that I could n't hear god if He wa even tri to speak to me . '' then I go to , `` well , god alway talk , so lord , open up and clear my mind that I may hear what you are say not what I am tri to make myself hear what I want to hear . I want to know what you desir . '' just a few thought that go through my mind , a kind of spiritu warfar . jesu promis in john 10:3-4 `` To him the doorkeep open , and the sheep hear hi voic ; and he call hi own sheep by name and lead them out . and when he bring out hi own sheep , he goe befor them and the sheep follow him , for they know hi voic . '' I know I am hi sheep and HE is my shephard . even when satan tri to lead me astray or attempt to 'answer ' the question go through my head , I am not go to follow . thi is what thi vers mean , right ? yet , jesu will guid me and show me becaus I belong to him and He is go to guid me in the way in which I shall go . I am suppos to alway be abl to discern what He is call me to do . yet , what if I do n't want to , then what ? I still belong to him and my free will take over . now I do n't want thi to happen , yet I know I choos the other way all the time . If I did n't I would be sinless , and I am clearli not . So is thi just an honest attempt to show the every-day struggl in my life . mayb . doe it mean it make sinc . clearli not . It onli make sinc to me . I realiz thi , yet , I know that when I do discern and be obedi to god , then it make it easier for me to hear him the next time . So , lord , help me be obedi to you and hear what you are tell me to do . all thi for , I final have peac regard the whole women issu . I need not to worri about it ani more . the whole conflict in my head wa kill me and just confus me so much that it felt like my mind wa leav my bodi . yet , I have it onc again . wahoo ! I hope and pray I have the right interpret thi time . So , I am not to interupt servic or teach man . thi is how I now look at thi vers . ( 1 cor . 14:34-35 ) I now have peac and the comfort that the onli lord can fill . He is good . after year of tri to studi and figur out the vers , I now know what He call me to follow . 
My 10 peopl to pray for : 1 . kortney and jeff keaton 2 . sarah vincent 3 . nick curzio 4 . trish bowman 5 . chri lopez 6 . kathi cupryk ( ? ) 7 . merri darr ( ? ) 8 . lori bowman 9 . mari adam 10.brian whisnant 
deuteronomi 6:4-9 `` hear , O israel ! the lord is our god , the lord is one ! you shall love the lord your god with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your might . these word , which I am command you today , shall be on your heart . you shall teach them dilig to your son and shall talk of them when you sit in your hous and when you walk by the way and when you lie down and when you rise up . you shall bind them as a sign on your hand and they shall be as frontal on your forehead . you shall write them on the doorpost of your hous and on your gate . '' lord , help me make you my life , and help me follow your word . 
leviticu 5:1 `` If a person sin becaus he doe not speak up when he hear a public charg to testifi regard someth he ha seen or learn about , he will be held respons . '' number 15:30-31 `` but anyon who sin defiantli , whether native-born or alien , blasphem the lord , and that person must be cut off from hi peopl . becaus he ha despis the lord 's word and broken hi command , that person must sure be cut off ; hi guilt remain on him . '' 1 corinthian 5:11 `` but actual , I wrote to you not to associ with ani so-cal brother if he is an immor person , or covet , or an idolat , or a revil , or a drunkard , or a swindler - not even to eat with such a one . I wa wonder if anyon saw a connect between the OT passag and the NT passag . It almost look like the 1 cor . vers is the NT principl from the OT vers . It 's interest to me that it requir someon to testifi even when they learn about it , not just when someon see it . god 's word is alway good , it 's not alway easi to follow , yet when it is obey , the reward is great . 
roman 11:32 `` for god ha shut up all in disobedi so that He may show merci to all . '' It 's a shock vers , but an awesom one . He want to show us merci . He want to so badli give us what we do n't deserv . roman 8:28 `` and we know that god caus all thing to work togeth for good to those who love god , to those who are call accord to hi purpos . '' 2 timothi 2:13 `` If we are faithless , He remain faith , for He can not deni himself . '' these scriptur are awesom . when we are disobedi , He , our awesom lord and god , is still abl to use it in our live . from thi , we are abl to begin to grasp part of hi merci , at least the merci be shown to us at that particular time . prais the lord that He is even abl to use our sin to reveal hi holi charact to us in our live ! 
god 's love micah 7:18 `` who is a god like you , who pardon iniqu and pass over the rebelli act of the remnant of hi possess ? He doe not retain hi anger forev , becaus He delight in unchang love . '' when we think we understand it , it bring us back to the israelit . If we think we can grasp it or put it to a certain measur ( even a big one ) , we are still minim it . the israelit use to make idol , like themselv , and worship them . there 's thi song , and it 's a good one , and one of the line is hold me just like ani father would . yet , I think the song should say , hold me better than ani father would In a way , it limit god to a human father 's standard . He 's god , He can do more . I just do n't want to think I understand hi love , grace , or merci . I do n't want to minim them in ani way with my own comprehens . I know they are unend , uncircumstanti , and uncomprehens . I know we have a sovereign god and show us how He love us daili . 
thank you for my church . thank you for the awesom famili . thank you for the sweet children that have tremend gift . thank you for allison who interced and pray with faith . thank you for jennah who is alway will to help and comfort . thank you for raeanna who ha a heart to serv . thank you for the youth who continu surpris me with the servant ' heart . thank you for the leader and the exampl they set for mani to see . thank you for the exampl of famili that all share faith in you and follow your way . thank you for allow a safe place for visitor to come . thank you for use our church to reach out to the neighbor kid . thank you jesu for bless me with awesom peopl and a place to come to worship . 
lord , thank you for your good and all the bless you give . I ca n't believ how much I need you throughout the day and throughout my life . I am so stubborn and stupid to ever think I can do anyth on my own . help me ask you for help and help me lean on you , my suffici . you are my father and you are my friend . thank you jesu . I think the most pride thing one person can ever do is think they can do it without god or hi help . He is alway there to help us , yet mani time He is deni entir . I do n't want to be that stupid . 
`` Ca n't shake the devil 's hand and say you 're onli joke . '' thi is a line from the song 'your racist friend ' by they might Be giant on their flood album . thi is a power statement that is so incred true . mani time I will blame my sin on me joke around or goof off . yet , everi sin is seriou and choos to shake the devil 's hand instead of run toward god . someth to consid the next time a trial come . . . . 
I just want to put thi in here becaus it is someth I want to rememb . onc again , it 's about a simpl littl prayer of faith from a sweet child . kerri moy told me about a prayer that her daughter , kendsey , pray about a week ago . `` lord , when joey get to heaven to be with you , teach him to walk on water like peter . '' As kerri share that with lisa , joey 's wife , she found out that peter is lisa 's favorit person in the bibl . prais the lord with hi good and how He use hi children . 
whi is it that the peopl I expect the least from I see the greatest chang ? whi is it the one I doubt their love for god are the one with fire burn within their heart ? whi is it that even when I am suppos to be in leadership I still judg peopl by their appear and even their charact ? whi is it that these are the veri one that god use within my own life to teach me a few thing ? god say that none of us are abov one anoth and not to think of oneself higher than he ought to think . there were youth last week that show me what I could have been like in high school if I ever had bold - if I allow god to work in my life and did n't tri to hide him everywher I went . prais the lord for the one that are shockingli in love with the lord and desir to follow him wholeheartedli . 
`` live in harmoni with each other . Do n't tri to act import , but enjoy the compani of ordinari peopl . and do n't think you know it all ! '' roman 12:16 nlt can one vers have ani more theme ? It wa air1 's vers of the day , and sinc I listen to it all day long at work , I heard it mani time . It kept on speak to me . It 's simpl realli . Be love . Be humbl . Be teachabl . enjoy the compani of ordinari peopl is kind of funni to me . I think it mean that peopl put certain peopl on pedast - pastor , elder , leader in the church . yet we do n't need to spend all of our time with the godliest of the godli peopl . We can simpli love on and be friend with anybodi . It goe good with the vers , `` do n't think of anyon higher than ye ought to think '' mayb that vers is `` do n't think of yourself more highli than ye ought to think '' . regardless , I think it appli to both . We need to be humbl and ca n't think highli of ourselv . yet if we elev other , we will be let down and may end out make them an idol in our live . We must be care and pray for god 's help and love to teach us and sustain us . 
`` thing do n't alway work out the way you want them to , but thing alway work out the way they are suppos to . '' My supervisor from my work said that yesterday . she ha been go through a tough time . even though I have n't been through anyth bad late , I think it is still applic to ani situat and anyon . ecclessiast 3:1 say , `` To everyth there is a time , to everyth there is a season . '' So mani time I will want to know someth right away . where should I work ? what should I do ? should I be go to school ? To becom a teacher or occup therapist ? when is the next stage of my life come ? yet , it will all come in the time that god ha plan and that He allow . I do n't need to worri about anyth , it will all happen when it 's suppos to - when god want it to . 
tuesday night at home group we were worship and then we spent some time just listen to god . god brought josh prior to mind - the guy that interview me for a posit at insight . I did n't know whi so I just start pray for him and hi walk with god . god told me that He want me to make a commit to pray for him . I told him , `` well , if I get the job that will be easi becaus I 'll see him . but if I do n't get the job than you 'll realli have to remind me becaus I 'll forget . '' god said again , `` I want you to commit to pray for him . '' `` Ok , but pleas help me rememb . '' next , god brought to mind the church directori . I wa tri to find hi name in it . As I wa medit on that , I realiz god want to use me to help draw josh back to god . I do n't know what kind of walk he ha , but I know god want to increas it . god want to use me in some way in josh 's life - whether it 's through prayer or through my life - i do n't know . right now , I just have peac and know god know . thi is all that matter . lord , bless josh tonight and thi weekend . may you draw him closer to you and show him your presenc . may he feel your presenc lord , and may you give him a hunger and thirst for more and more of you . thank you lord for the work you are do within him . prais you lord for how you work in all of us in such differ way . I love you lord jesu . 
I wa talk to one of the girl in the youth group , and she wa tell me about how she tri so hard to be nice to a girl but the girl just doe n't like in her return . It made me start think . john 13:34 say , `` A new command I give to you , that you love one anoth ; as I have love you , that you also love one anoth . '' We are call to love . not just our friend , but also our enemi . In other word , we 're not suppos to love peopl just so we can get love back . We are call to love to be obedi to christ . that is all we can do . for those peopl that just might not like our person or that we may have hurt in the past - just love them . continu to show them the love of christ . that is enough . there 's noth els we can do . thi is someth that we can rest in . It may or may not effect the relationship with that person . yet , we can rest in the fact that we are be obedi to our lord - adonai . 
today I went and wash my car . but , onli the outsid of it got clean . I told myself that I would clean out the insid of it later . but hey - it look clean , right ? I immedi thought about how peopl might tri to appear clean on the outsid , to the peopl around them . howev , in order to be truli clean spiritu is to be clean on the insid . continu repent and confess to the lord , let the word wash us clean by the power of the spirit and of the blood . We ca n't just appear clean , we need to be clean by god . 
last night I had a dream that I wa at asu east . I saw an old friend from junior high and we were talk in the park lot with someon from church . then , all of a sudden , everyon in the park lot began sing and sign I can onli imagin by merci Me . It wa an awesom pictur on a secular campu . roman 15:9-11 `` and for the gentil to glorifi god for hi merci ; as it is written , 'therefor I will give prais to you among the gentil , and I will sing to your name . ' and again he say , 'rejoic , O gentil , with hi peopl . ' and again , 'prais the lord all you gentil , and let all the peopl prais him . ' '' 
influenc . It is a power thing . paul wa abl to say `` imit me as I imit christ '' . I see peopl with a huge amount of influenc on the peopl around them . I see the peopl that look to them and are take on the other person 's behavior . It can be a veri bad thing if they are imit the wrong part of someon 's charact . when we are in a posit where peopl look to us as how christian are suppos to act and look , we need to make sure that we are repres christ as dear children . It doe n't mean that we need to pretend we 're perfect . It simpli mean that when we make mistak , we choos how to respond correctli and with integr . may all of us youth leader be the appropri influenc on the youth , that they may desir to draw closer to god and yearn to spend more time with him . 
last wednesday at youth group , allison and jake did an awesom skit . allison went around and gave everi person a candi bar , and jake had to do 5 push-up for them to get their candi . after jake had done quit a few push-up , peopl stop want their candi . but , jake still did push-up for them even if they did n't want their free candi . everi time someon wa get their piec of candi , jake would look at them and say , `` Ok '' . It affect me so much becaus some of those kid that were there he doe n't even know their name . yet , he would look at them and then do hi 5 push-up for them . hi arm start hurt realli bad , but he would just stretch and then do more . In the end , jake did 180 push-up . He continu did them faith until we made him stop . allison then said , sometim action mean more than word . thi is just a littl glimps of what the cross should mean to us and what jesu went through . We felt bad for jake after about 30 push-up . yet , jesu wa n't even recogniz as a human when He wa put onto the cross . It wa an awesom pictur of what an averag person can do to serv peopl , yet it ca n't even compar to the price that jesu paid for us . thank you lord for all that you went through . I love you jesu . 
`` I am addict to you '' I heard thi line in a secular song . It 's awesom , if it 's about god . I want to be addict to god , to the point that I would be : *sick without him *depend upon him to make me happi and give me joy *he is the one that control my life *everyth about my life is revolv around him *all of my money is hi and spent where He desir *I would not go long without spend time with him jesu , you are the one thing I want to be addict to . you are the lord of my life and I want do n't want you to just be the center of my life . I want you to be my life . I want to be addict to you . I want you to be in my thought and heart continu . I want my mind to be focus upon you and heavenli thing . I prais you and thank you for be my father , my saviour , and my redeem . 
the other night I got to babysit my littl cousin , dakota . she clearli wa n't tire , but I had to put her to sleep - it wa alreadi 10:00 . At about 10:30 , she wa just lie in her crib and talk galor . To who ? I have no idea . then I heard her say , `` thank you for hannah , mommi , daddi , dakooota . '' then she kept on say all of our name again . It wa so sweet . perhap she wa pray . I do n't know , but thi encourag me that the lord ha hi hand on her life . 
god creat the moon and the star to be the light in the world admist the dark . saturday night I wa in a church servic and the lord show me how thi is an exampl how god can use hi creation to teach the church . just as timothi and sila help paul rais hi hand ( mayb thi wa stephen ) , god ha the bodi of a church lift up the arm of their pastor . We can do thi by pray for them , tith , and support him in the decis he make . the pastor can repres the moon and the church bodi repres all of the star . god promis abraham in genesi that hi decend would be as numer as the star . ( genesi 15:5 , hebrew 11:12 ) In the same way , we all work togeth to be the light admist thi darken world . philippian 2:15 `` that you may becom blameless and harmless , children of god without fault in the midst of a crook and pervers gener , among whom you shine as light in the world . '' let us all strive to be the light of thi world and to support our leader as god ha call us to do . 
sometim I wonder what all god is do in my life . I can seem him work , and I can hear him speak . whi is it that I will doubt when He doe ? whi is it that are certain thing that He would n't speak to me about ? all day sunday , I wa wonder who wa go to be prove the childcar dure the danni daniel seminar . I felt that god had told me to work with the kid if they need help . As alway , the faith youth were in the nurseri . they are awesom servant . yet , paul and erin were with all the other age . when I arriv at the church , I pull in right behind the green . zarah saw me and she just stare . after I had caught up with her famili , she wa still stare and then her famili start walk . final after I start talk to her , she began walk as well . I decid I wa go to go in so I can talk to her and her brother john . she insist that I had to stay in there with her . onc again , god use a child to confirm what He had been speak to me all day . It wa such a bless , everi child there wa a bless . It wa definit a 3 person task , 2 peopl just would n't have been abl to watch all of the children and to play with them . thank you god for the littl gift that you give to me . thank you for that gift on sunday night . 
thi ha been a veri weird week for me . monday night kristen came up to me and said she just want to apolog for how she wa mean to me at camp . I must say , there are thing I would chang when it come to my behavior toward her that week . yet , she apolog and I wa in awe . It wa so random and heartfelt . I owe her an apolog as well . then the next night , I went to homegroup . the first think littl allison lott said to me wa , `` hannah , I am so sorri for all the time that I wa n't nice to you . '' I reassur her that she ha been realli nice to me late . she respond with `` I know but there were time where I wa n't nice to you . and I am sorri . I should n't have treat you that way . '' she 's 4 ! I wa mind boggl . lord , what are you tri to teach me through all of thi ? should I be more forgiv and give more random act of kind ? are you tri to show me that you love me ? Is thi just part of the bodi of christ and how we are to love one anoth ? Is thi a time of receiv ? but lord , I have been receiv so much late ! whatev it is you are tri to teach me , you are bless me in the process . I love how you use your children - and sometim littl children - to teach me thing . I just love you lord for you are good and you know how to give present to your children . thank you lord for these . 
last week at home group , kim said , god give you the desir of your heart , after He put hi heart in you . It 's realli true . I can see it with my job . the lord put special need children within my heart . He told me to work with them and now they are forev in my heart . even though I do n't work with them full time anymor , there 's a part of my heart that belong to them . work with them part time is a way in which the lord continu to give me the desir of my heart . that same night we went through an exercis where we write someth down that we want to hear from god on and that we want answer . then we wrote what we would hope for the answer to be , what we would n't want the answer to be , and then the detail of what we want the answer to be . that week , my prayer wa on where I should work . exactli one week later , I found out that I got the job I had appli for . some of the detail that were answer : A job that pay atleast $ 24,000 a year ( thi pay $ 23,500 - close enough for me ) A job that ha benifit ( yeah ) A place that I can be a wit ( insight ha a lot of drunkard ) some of the detail that will be answer in time : A place/ job that I will enjoy A place that I can learn and not be bore A place that I can be creativ someon that I can move out with god see the answer of our heart question . We may not see or hear them when we ask , but they are still there . god just want to bless us immens - and He 's realli good at that . whi is have patienc so hard at time ? 
sunday in the toddler room , there were onli two kid ! wooh , it wa so rough ! the three of us in there could bare handl it ! anyway , dure the stori , I ask them if they knew how much jesu love them . joshua said , `` I love babi jesu thi much ! '' and he open up hi arm as far as he could . then savanna said , `` I love babi jesu thi much ! '' and then she open her arm up as far as she could . they continu to repeat thi take turn . It wa almost as if they were fight over who love babi jesu more ! It wa so preciou . It 's so awesom to see how kid show their love to god . that wa a complet differ situat than when I watch 15 1-4 year old on the 12th . cela watch 13 5-12 year old , and she had it just as bad . We were essenti on our own becaus we divid up the kid . I truli could bare handl it ! yet , I do n't know how I would have been abl to without the older kid that love to help - katelyn , jennah , isaiah , adi , and katarina . they wet paper towel and toilet paper to make wipe . they did all they could to help . onc again , they each want a turn to make a wipe for me - I could never say I had enough - until each of them made me one . poor babi ( annah , melissa , and eliana ) that had to suffer through so mani cold wipe everytim their diaper wa chang ! prais you lord for give gift to your children and use peopl of such young age to bless me and help me . they are awesom and it is so evid that each of them are wonder and perfectli made ! 
wow , it 's been a while sinc I 've post last . . . . . . well , a lot ha been happen . probabl too much to talk about all at onc , but I 'll tri . On christma eve my sister wa say that she had been have contract for the past two day . chri and I took her to the hospit ( becaus they were SO bad ) ! We found out that she wa almost 3 cm dialat , but becaus she did n't chang dure the four hour that we were there , they sent her home . she wa n't abl to sleep all night becaus they were progress get wors and they were come everi five minut . At 7:30 christma morn , she insist we go back to the hospit . she said , `` either thi babi is come out or they are give me some strong medicin becaus they are 10x wors than they were last night . I had no idea that it could hurt thi bad . '' well , she wa then dialat to 4 cm so they call her doctor and had him come in . ( her doctor wa out so guess what hi replac doctor 's name wa - dr. seymann - pronounc semen ) . : ) well , I guess he 's in the right field ! anyway , they soon gave her an epider , I guess it 's about 9:30 about . then they broke her water at about 10:30 . I went home about eleven becaus she wa just go to sleep for a littl bit so she would have energi later . At about 1:00 chri call me and said , you better hurri , she 's go to be here in 10 minut ! well , I got there and there wa n't a doctor or even a nurs in the room . but she wa dialat to a neg 2 . the RN had thought that she wa just go to come out without ani push . sarah wa pretti well off , but she did have to push - for a whole 25 minut ! she luck out but she wa still in pain . I must say , it wa a beauti thing to experi , and the miracl of birth is truli that - a miracl ! after littl lilia came out at 2:12 p.m. christma day , she start cri and then all of a sudden she stop . when she came out she start cri so fast that some of the amniot fluid went into her mouth , and she swallow a lot of it ! she start turn blue and I think 7 nurs came in all surround her and take the fluid out of her . It wa pretti intens and scari , but I do n't think we realli understood it at the time . I just kept take pictur . So , they took her up to the neonat icu and watch her there for about and hour , hour and a half . We found out she wa 5 pound 14 1/4 ounc and 18 3/4 inch long . she is so tini , but perfect and complet . ever sinc then it ha been bond time with everyon ! she ha alreadi start to show off and show some express . she love have her arm straight up and stretch . she is such a good babi so far . she hardli cri , and yet it is still kind of hard to claim as a cri - it 's so quiet . she is so tini that the shirt the hospit gave her fell off of her shoulder and her arm came out of the sleev . anyway , she is a huge bless , and my whole famili is so happi that she 's healthi , sweet , and SO cute ! well , I better get more rest so I can spend more time with her tomorrow ! 
\fa '' vor*ite\ , n. [ OF . favorit favor , F. favori , fem . favorit , p. p. of OF . favorir , cf . It . favorito , frm . favorita , fr . favorir to favor . see favor . ] 1 . A person or thing regard with peculiar favor ; one treat with partial ; one prefer abov other ; especi , one unduli love , trust , and enrich with favor by a person of high rank or author . thank you ben for the link on your blog . So , is it realli bad to have favorit ? hmmm . . . I have a lot of favorit , and realli , the more I start to get to know a particular 'youth ' , they becom one of my favorit . It 's realli not that hard . yet , I do have favorit of my favorit . ( sshhhh ) yet , each of us are god 's favorit . We can each say He favor us with partial ( it 's call merci ) . So my philisoph argument is : god ha favorit . We are god 's favorit . other 's are god 's favorit . therefor , We can have favorit becaus they are god 's favorit too . We are each the appl of hi , He keep us in the palm of hi hand , He know the number of hair on our head , He love us . He realli love us . 
My ( daughter ) , pay attent to what I say ; listen close to my word . Do not let them out of your sight , keep them within your heart ; for they are life to those who find them and health to a man 's whole bodi . abov all els , guard your heart , for it is the wellspr of life . put away pervers from your mouth ; keep corrupt talk far from your lip . let your eye look straight ahead , fix your gaze directli befor you . make level path for your feet and take onli way that are firm . Do not swerv to the right or the left ; keep your foot from evil . proverb 4:20-27 niv sometim I think it would be realli nice for god to say , `` hey , pay attent hannah to what I am say . '' I would probabl obey him a littl more , I would definit have less question on what hi will would be . yet , it might seem a littl harsh if He did it too often . It 's just for those faith build moment . . . . when you have to take a risk . . . . and realli trust that you heard hi voic . . . . and that it 's time to be obedi . yet , thi is whi I need to keep my eye look straight ahead , gaze them at the lord . I do n't want to stumbl or fall . So , sometim I 'll take the easi road , sometim I 'll take the hard road , but hope it 's the road that I will be abl to look to jesu for hi help , strength , perserver , and endur to help me through it all . 
At time I have wonder : am I dedic more to the toddler than the youth ? I have realiz that I talk about the toddler with the youth and I hope they do n't think I love the younger kid more than I love all of them . but then I realiz , it 's not like I can talk to the toddler about the youth . they would n't be abl to follow or understand the concept of the differ way in which the youth bless me . I have realiz that I enjoy both ministri so much and that they both bless me immens . I enjoy see the toddler grow into their littl person and person and the differ thing they learn about god . I love hear 5 or 6 kid pray over the snack . I love when they rememb that jonah went to ninevah ( that 's a hard word to say ) . I love when they all particip and listen to my 15 - 20 minut stori / lesson . As for the youth , I love see them worship , and I love see the way that some of the s.a.l.t . youth realli do step up - like jake roessler when it come to darian , zach , and so mani other , and joanna with all she doe with her letter and plan of event , and liz , lindsey , and kristen with the way they are so dedic and alway will to step up and serv , and jake mullin with how dilig is is to clean the church , no matter if he feel like it , and jame with hi heart of worship . 
I have realiz how much I love my alpha group . It 's awesom to see some of the girl open up . each week , there are a few thing that are constant : kristen - prayer request for her mormon friend and for a puppi . sarah G. - prayer request for her friend ( there 's alway a spiritu battl ) daniel - alway readi to read god 's word , usual the first to pray of the youth emili - alway ha a laugh attack , and then make kristen join in . there are some gift that I have seen in them and that becam obviou to me last week when we were talk about the holi spirit : emili - intercessori prayer kristen - children sarah - compass daniel - definit ha one , but ca n't think of it right now ( might edit later ) some of the other way that the `` sparat '' girl have bless me : melissa - all of her question of truli want to understand the bibl ; her concern for the lost in other religion kelli - her curious and spunk megan - her love for peopl and anim ( lord pleas be with megan 's and keep kelli 's ferret from run away ) lord , thank you for my alpha group and the girl you had ben place in it . I ask you lord to continu to be with me and kerri as we lead and show us the thing you would desir for us to teach and discuss with the girl . I ask you lord to open us all up to share our trial and failur as well as the way you use us and help us overcom . I love you lord . 
damian and darian - they are cool kid . I need help to bring in groceri yesterday . they were talk to their friend , but I let them know that I need their help . without finish their convers , they stop and came outsid and then brought all of the egg in . they have also help me out in the toddler room . It 's great when the differ ministri you are in can mix togeth like that . they serv - and I love that they help with super church and it 's kept on the down low . I have also serv with both kristen and lindsey in the toddler room as well . they both have the gift of children - if that make sens . they total bless me . I love be abl to see the kid serv - and wholeheartedli ! last night at the renaiss , there wa onli 3 kid . At snack , I ask them if anyon want to pray . addi said she did , then kyndahl volunt , and then her older sister , baili , said she want to pray too . So , they all pray . It wa awesom becaus the two sister pray for all of the children in phoenix children 's hospit and everyon that 's sore . that 's awesom ! I think I am go to pick an organ like that to start pray for . hmmm . . . whi did jesu tell us we need to have the faith of a child ? 
late , I have been think that I have been experienc some spiritu warfar . most of the time when I am experienc it , I do n't even recogn that I am in it until it is over . yet , it ha been so strong that I have been recogn that I am experienc it , and it just did n't seem to ever stop . I think that it 's final over . the past month and a half or two month have been realli hard . I have been notic my trial , pray about them , ask for god to help me fight these spiritu battl , and in the end - I think that they are conquer . onli through god are all thing possibl . thank you lord , you are truli a veri good god ! 
last night , I went to central christian 's colleg group . I had mani preconceiv thought about what it wa go to be like from convers with differ peopl . I wa expect a realli big room , mayb fill with a lot of expens furnitur , decor nice ( but hip ) , and fill with a bunch of young christian that just hop from one anoth like it 's a date show . ( ye , thi is realli what I expect ) then , I show up . It 's in a small room , there are mayb 50 chair set up , and I felt like the young one , where most peopl appear to be 30-40 . mostli everyon seem pretti matur and were actual nice . whi do I listen to other 's opinion ? whi would they influenc me to not to go to someth where I am abl to be in fellowship with believ ? I just do n't realli know . howev , I still felt awkward at first . yet , it wa just like everyth I have been use to . It fit right in with the vineyard and calvari set that I am use to . afterward , we went to the coffe plantat . I have n't realli been comfort yet . I had been judg the place like I wa n't there experienc it , but as if I wa an outsid look in . then I see mandi there at the coffe shop . even though I have been with jessica all night , I final feel comfort . see her there wa just a simpl boost of familiar and somehow made my shyness go away . onc I got over my preconceiv thought and feel , I wa abl to talk to some peopl - with real . they were realli nice . I wa abl to have fellowship with them . I think it 's awesom that believ are simpli that - believ in christ . We can all come from differ background and church , yet we have gone though similar trial , similar experi , and we worship the same god to help us through it all . It is HE who is so faith . It is HE who will be faith to us even when we are unfaith or faithless , becaus HE can not deni himself . even though it end out be a bless last night , when I got to church thi morn , I becam so happi . there are so mani peopl that I love at my church - so mani peopl that just make me smile or laugh at the sight of them . I am so thank that god ha allow me to be apart of a fellowship like thi . I also love god for how He realli work all of our live togeth for the good of the church - both the univers and local . 
the passion of the christ prais you lord that you are abl to be seen in our secular world . prais you that you alway reveal yourself to thi darken world . prais you that you save all peopl , from the beggar to the star . prais you lord that you die so that all may live and share life in you . thi movi wa veri good . It wa pretti accur , and I think that they did an amaz way of interpret the scriptur and put them into a film . there were some part that were hard to watch , yet it is no where near as gori as it should have been . jesu wa scourg 39 time ( 3 separ time ) - that 's a total of 108 scourg at that one time ( ? ) . It wa illeg to scourg someon 40 time , so they would alway punish peopl 40 - 1 . yet , jesu wa not recogniz as a human . He wa the perfect sacrific - the slaughter lamb , that the raven wolv came and feed upon . yet , thi is the onli way our sin could ever be forgiven . I must say it wa veri hard for me to watch some of the scene in that movi , yet they do n't even realli compar to the realiti of it . you had it so much wors jesu . thi wa the last 12 hour of christ 's life , yet we watch it in two . I do n't know how you did it lord . you truli are an amaz god . thank you lord for all that you did just becaus there would be no forgiv of sin without the shed of blood . prais you lord for your good , your merci , and your grace ! isaiah 53:11b - 12 By hi knowledg My righteou servant shall justifi mani , for He shall bear their iniqu . therefor I will divid him a portion with the great , and He shall divid the spoil with the strong , becaus He pour out hi soul unto death , and He wa number with the transgressor , and he bore the sin of mani , and made intercess for the transgressor . 
who is harder on us ? god or ourselv ? At work , I do n't think that there is a singl christian around me - well mayb one or two - the two new guy that start about a month ago . yet , it is so amaz to hear the word that come out of the mouth of my other teammat . To call god a she and for someon to say they are not worri about heaven but they just want to make their custom 's happi . . . other peopl celebr how long they have n't gone to church . . . there are two mormon 's on my team . . . . and other just love their sin live , they might not be happi , but they sure do love all of their sin . onc I began to see how lost everyon around me is , I want to tri to make more of an effort to be avail for god to use me there . If by some way I could be a light to the peopl around me , I want it to be done . I want to shine . yet , there are so mani time that I get stress out . . . . especi late . I felt like I wa yell at peopl on the phone ( HP , qlogic ) . I would also say thing about other peopl that are so not edifi . yet , friday one of the peopl I work with told me that she could tell when I get stress out by the way that I sit . she also told me that she ha never heard me be mean to anyon . ye I have . . . to her even . how could she forget the way that I wa rude to her just the week befor . how could she overlook all of the time I would demand servic from a manufactur or anoth resel ? mayb I 'm not yell , but I 'm just be assert . whatev , they are pretti much the same to me . yet , wa she tell me in her own subtl way that I may still be use as a light . . . can peopl realli overlook my flaw and still see jesu in me ? I know jesu forgiv me for my sin , but I still feel like a failur as a light . . . yet , mayb god wa tri to show me that I can still be use . . . that He can go past all of my weak and still use me in my job . prais you lord for that . I know that my job ha been use by god to teach me a few thing . when I first start work with special need children , I did not want to do it becaus I did n't have the patienc for it . then god told me , `` and I ca n't give you patienc ? '' . not that I am the most patient person in the world , but I must say that god ha follow through with hi word . when it come to kid , I can be pretti patient - it doe n't matter the rate at which they develop . they are kid , and I can understand whi they do some of the thing they do that can tri us . yet , with adult , I have a lot less patienc . I think becaus I expect more out of them . one day , I think after I got off the phone with austin from bubbl car wash , ( I hope he 's not a blogger ) . . .god told me , `` I have given you patienc with kid , now you need to trust Me to give you patienc with adult . '' Is there a better place for that then custom servic ? I think not . the past week ha been evid that god ha been work that in me . . . I have been a lot less stress out and nicer to peopl . anoth funni thing is ever sinc I have bought thing on my own , I have never been one to return anyth . I do n't know whi , mayb becaus I felt bad about return it or mayb I thought the peopl would get mad at me for it . . . kind of funni that I work in the return depart and allow peopl to return thing everyday . It wa when I wa shop for my new bedroom that I start to realiz what god wa do . I had bought a sheet set at walmart and some pillowcas . It wa n't until I wa make my bed when I realiz that the sheet set came with pillow case . I did n't need ani extra , and so I should return the extra pillowcas , right ? I did n't even have to think about it , I just did it . I return them . then , it wa after I left with my money that I realiz that god is do yet anoth work in me . He ha given me more confid and shown me that He can use all aspect of my job to help me grow spiritu . He can also use me with the peopl around me . It 's amaz how god work ! 
few peopl actual know about how spiritu unhealthi it wa for me to be live with my parent . At time , I began to take on my parent bad characterist . I took on my mom 's insecur and my dad 's temper . It 's not a good combin - trust me ! then I had an offer to move in with the cloud 's . I had been want that for quit some time , peopl had told me in the past that it would be a great place for me to live . yet , I would never want to burden anyon or for them to feel oblig to help me out . I also did n't want for it to look like I wa make a big deal out of noth about my parent . It 's just kind of hard to explain . they have never encourag me to seek the lord . In fact , when I wa younger and I would come home from church camp - I wa alway so hungri for the word . If I went in my room and read my bibl , my dad would get mad at me . He miss me after me be gone for a week , and he felt that I could alway read my bibl later . It wa alway more import to spend time with him than for me to read the bibl or do a studi . sometim he would say , whi do n't you read in here or studi in here . other time , I think he felt convict and he would say , you should probabl do that in the other room . It wa alway a stress situat , and no matter what I did - I alway fail them . now I live with the cloud . even though I do n't see them much - it make me so happi to go home at night . It is so much for healthi spiritu . just to see how they all relat with each other is awesom . last saturday , everybodi wa home . It wa so cute to see how jennah wa play with mandi , and noah wa play with ben . then , noah wa play with mandi , and jennah wa play with ben . they continu switch parent and play with each other . both kid and parent were get individu attent from the other . then , they all play togeth a game of crazi 8 's . It wa such a bless to be abl to observ that . I love live there , and I must say I never thought that I could be bless thi much . I do n't think that I could ask for a better live situat for me . they are truli an awesom , incred famili . 
thank you lord for you are good , your merci endur forev . prais you for everyth you did in the youth , for use us leader , and for bless us beyond comprehens thi weekend . your children are beauti , and you are a veri creativ god . Be with us thi week , and continu all of the work you are do within the youth . continu to rais them up into leader and call us to a high standard that we may be abl to be exampl to them . thank you for you are a veri good god ! : ) 
sometim it is good just to notic creation - to look around at the amazing of god 's creatur . for a few week , I wa see bird everywher . they were alway do someth that just absolut amaz me . one time they were all in a tree that had no leav on it branch . I thought it wa just a normal tree that wa cover with leav . then , as I got closer , I realiz that the tree wa just complet fill with bird . anoth time I saw the bird play a game . there wa a few of them , and let say they were in order 1 , 2 , and 3 . then bird one would fli and then the order would be 2 , 3 , 1 . then bird two would fli and the order would then be 3 , 1 , 2 . It wa so funni becaus they just kept fli and take turn like they were play a game with each other . they also seem to have their own friend and famili . I saw a few tree all in a row . two of the tree pretti much had the same amount of bird in them . then one would fli to the other tree . A few second later , more would fli to the other tree . eventu , almost all of the bird were in the one tree . .. at least until my traffic light turn green . bird are serious so facin to watch , as bore as a `` bird watcher '' would sound . yet , it 's neat to see that other creatur can have person too . just rememb , god say he take care of even the sparrow and they alway have their food . yet , they were alway the bird that were look upon as evil . 
com ? mu ? ni ? ca ? tion ( P ) pronunci key ( k-myn-kshn ) n. 1.the act of commun ; transmiss . 2.the exchang of thought , messag , or inform , as by speech , signal , write , or behavior . interperson rapport . the whole e-mail , blog , text messeng , instant-messeng , and chat room scene . . . . Is thi a superfici or real form of commun ? By definit , it is a form of commun . . .yet , there are all the normal thing that are usual obviou that we miss becaus of thi form of commun : bodi languag , tone , express , and the such . Is it possibl that we may get along with someon perfectli fine or even realli well in an on-lin set but we might be at each other 's throat if we met them in person ? Is it possibl that you ca n't truli get to know someon without see their express and the such or even know their smell ? there is a definit posit side of it all . . . sometim it is easier to wit to someon you have never seen . . . It also give you time to think and respond with prayer . .. I also get to see the differ depth of my friend that I do n't alway get to see otherwis . . . sometim it is easier to type someth than to say it outloud . there are some thing that we all know from each other by just our first impress of them . . . without a face to face encount , that whole step is miss and it leav us with preconceiv idea and notion about the other person . Is thi fair ? can they be correct ? I realli just do n't know how I feel on thi matter . I realli wish I had comment , becaus I realli want to know what peopl think . . . 
sometim I am amaz at god 's good . . . sometim I forget to even notic hi overwhelm good . . . I wonder whi . . . Is it the busy around me or even within ? Is it the differ thing that I put as a prioriti in my life ? although I love all the thing that make me busi . . . . it is definit good to be abl to rest at time . lord . . . . . help me not miss the beauti of your creation . help me not miss the small thing in peopl 's live . help me not miss the thing you have call me to do . help me not miss the promis you have given . help me not miss the simepl thing of love that you do . help me not miss the gift that you have given . help me not miss the beauti you have put in each person . help me not miss the rest that you give . help me not miss the peac you tri to give - and I do n't receiv . help me not miss the strength you give to meet my need . help me not miss your great , beauti , merci , grace . . . . I need your grace . I desir your merci . I love your charact . I hope in your promis . I long for your love . I hunger for your word . I need your strength . I desir you . I love your good . I hope in your beauti . I long for your guidanc . I hunger for your spirit . thank you my god and my lord , the all in all in my life . thank you for what you give to me everi second of everi day . for thi I thank you and I love you . your are more preciou than word can ever tri to explain . . . . . . 
sometim I do n't know if I can handl the thing around me . I see the hurt that these peopl are go through and have gone through and I ach . My chest hurt and feel bruis , my heart is beat faster and I am in physic pain for what I have seen peopl at work go through . michael ha had a horribl life and if I had went through all of that . . . I wonder if I could believ at all . . . . would I be an atheist if I had hi life ? doe god just have hi hand on some of us more than He doe on other ? I do n't know , but lord , pleas heal him for all of the thing he ha been through . I know he say that he is okay , but I just do n't know how he could be . I know he is a strong person , but pleas lord , help him becom vulner to you . touch hi heart , touch hi life , comfort and heal him . give him the hope onli you can give and be with him throughout thi day . I love you lord , and I ask you to touch him today . As for megan , she is go through so much as well lord . pleas continu to work with her and help her not be comfort with the decis she ha made in the past in regard to her current situat . continu to help her and show her that you can be her strength and sourc . you can be her provid for all of her physic , emot , and person need . Oh lord , be with her in the decis she ha - pleas lord , help her make the one you would desir for her . thank you lord for want to take on all of my burden as well as the burden of other . I lift myself up to you and ask you to continu to give me the word to say , the compass to comfort , and the wisdom to share . use me and take control of all these situat . thank you for your good and the amount of love that you give to me . I am so glad that I have a god that is too good to imagin . . . . thank you lord . I love you . 
abraham sometim there are youth that seem like their walk are stagnant . then - there come a slight chang . abraham ha alway stood by hi friend and talk dure worship and the lesson . yet , sunday , they brought friend and yet , he went up a few feet in front of them and stood by himself dure worship . He focus on god and set himself apart from hi comfort zone . the , dure the lesson , he wa by himself again , and he wa intent listen to obi as he wa teach and give exampl . I saw the postur of hi spirit and the hunger in hi eye , and god wa move , teach , and work within hi life . prais you lord for the way that you are mold abraham . may you continu to work within hi life and increas hi hunger and thirst for you . 
sometim the lord doe more than we can imagin . sometim He use us despit of ourselv , our abil , and our weak . god is so good . from time to time I wonder , am I be a light in my workplac ? Do other see jesu in me ? whi do I work at insight ? Is thi realli where god want me ? Am I a true imit of christ ? then , there are day like a few week ago . megan ask , `` So , have you alway believ in god and gone to church ? '' which , when translat into christianes is `` tell me your testimoni '' . that wa awesom . then , there are day like last friday . jason and megan are talk about how much I know the two of them and about the two of them . jason is worri that I know too much about him . then megan say to him , `` hannah doe not know everyth about either of us . I would never tell her everyth becaus then she would not like either one of us . '' To them , my opinion of them matter . whi ? yet , they know my charact . they know that I do not cuss and that I would not use the lord 's name in vain . It 's to the point that if she overhear me say someth that sound like it , megan question what I said . thank you lord that she know what I desir my charact to be . then , there are day like today that still shock overwhelm me and my understand . I still want to pinch and slap myself and know that it is real . I have befriend thi guy name michael late . not veri mani peopl like him , but for some reason , our person click - mayb becaus we are both open book . He saw the passion of the christ thi past weekend , and that began our day long convers about our belief/ lack of belief in god . throughout the time I have spend get to know him , I could not figur out where hi belief lie . today I found out . He is an atheist . He wa a baptist until the age of 17 or 18 where he lost all hi faith . today we talk about jesu be 100 % god and 100 % human , the triniti , and the neverend debat of creation vs evolut . He share hi heart with me , the thing that effect hi paradigm , and he wa complet vulner . In our convers , he said thing like `` spoken like a true christian '' `` I tri to learn as much as I can '' `` I believ jesu christ exist , I alway have '' `` when I had found out what had happen , it effect kill ani faith I had left '' final `` well it nice to commun with a person that is n't as much of a religi fanat as most . that 's cool that you feel the way you do and I respect that entir . I just want to say that I enjoy thi veri much . '' wow - you mean an atheist enjoy talk about christian and god all day long ? lord , pleas continu to soften michael 's heart . pleas heal him and hi famili through all of the emot and spiritu scar that they have . show him that you exist and that you desir to poor your love into hi life . provid for him the evid he need to know that you jesu are the son of god and you are god and the creator of thi world . lord , I also want to pray for megan and jason . continu to help them through all of their problem . continu to allow them to trust me and confid in me . use me in ani way you seem fit . thank you lord for my job and the opportun that you have given me . you are truli an amaz god and when you do the thing you do , I can bare contain myself and not stand up and scream , rejoic that you are a god that move in peopl live . continu to guid them in their step and the hard predicta that they are in . thank you for the love that you have for them and myself . I love you for when you use me and when I feel like I am not be use . I give you glori for everyth you have been do . I prais you lord , pleas help me prais you with everi aspect of my life . 
throughout my friendship with megan , she ha had certain preconceiv thought about me and my belief . which can be good . . . what amaz me the most is thi : We were talk about our past roommat and how we love where we live know . We talk about the drama of girl and the differ type of person and littl synocraci that they have . after I told her about my first apart and roommat , she end the convers with `` well , no wonder you turn to god . '' It just mind boggl me that she , a `` heathen '' , can recogn that . I wa total blown away . I think that she is start to see that god can help us and take us out of some troublesom circumst . . . she is also go to read , the 5 love languag , along with her mom . they both are excit about it . they know that it 's a christian book and yet , they still want to read it . pleas lord , may you use your word that is in that book to chang them , enlighten them , and give them hunger for you . I ask you lord to draw them to you and to speak to them . pleas lord , give them the gift of faith . 
tonight set apart came and play for the youth . It wa so stinkin ' awesom to see two great band come togeth and worship the lord like that . they brought new kid to church that we might not have been abl to reach otherwis . It 's incred the way music can realli move peopl and speak to them . everyon in thi band total ha a heart for the lord and it 's great to be abl to wit how god use other peopl . lord , I just ask you lord to bless thi new band , bless the previou member of both bloodbaught and dunami and use them mightili for your kingdom . may you continu to guid them in everi aspect of their live and with the band . 

last night at youth wa awesom . sometim I wonder how mani kid we actual make an impact on , individu . then juanca came up to me and told me that he miss me , becaus I have been gone for so long . ( I onli miss one wednesday and one sunday ) . He is so silli . It make me wonder though , how much time do I actual spend with the littl guy ? I should mayb spend a littl more . . . yet , worship at the end of the night wa incred . first , it wa an awesom bless to see vanessa be strong and worship with her heart `` on stage '' . then , there wa thi kid right in front of the stage in the dead center . . .I do n't rememb hi name , I think he may be friend with jare shipman . . .but he wa worship hi heart out throughout the song , rais hi hand , lift hi head , and it wa just incred . I want a pictur of him worship , becaus it wa so incred beauti . then there 's littl juanca , who wa worship and then cri out to the lord , desper for him , and just worship with hi entir be . crystal cornejo , wow , - I have never seen her focu on the lord like she did last night . she complet surrend herself in front of her friend that alway talk and distract other . It wa a littl piec of god reach out to her and then her respond . then there wa joanna and her new friend , christin and justin , and they were all worhip the lord joyous - I love when new peopl feel comfort to just worship . It 's so encourag . these were just all the kid I saw worship , in front of the couch . . . prais you lord for the work you are do in the youth and for the heart of worship that you are give them . pleas lord continu to do your work . I will hold on to your promis in philippian 1:6 `` I will continu to complet the work in you until the day of lord jesu '' . ( I think that 's right ) pleas lord , complet it in all of us . : ) 
I need to tri thi again . one to see if the comic will show now , and two to see if I have comment . hmm . . . 
urllink check out thi comic that jessica found for me . It goe perfect with my past two host . urllink 
relationship base upon real/ superfici commun 1.there are some peopl that I onli talk to mostli in person or on the phone . 2.there are other that I have onli e-mail and spoke to on the phone a few time . 3.yet , there are other peopl that I use to hang out with all the time , but now due to new circumst in life , it seem like we catch up via e-mail . someon ha told me that they think if you mostli e-mail someon and have never seen them in person , than thi would be consid a superfici relationship . when I ask if I talk to someon 70 % of the time via e-mail and the other 30 % either on the phone or in person , that person continu to say that that would be a superfici relationship . yet , that same person is the 3rd type mention abov . We use to onli hang out and talk on the phone , but now our commun is base via e-mail . So accord to that person 's logic , our relationship ha move from real to superfici , right ? yet , there are some peopl that I know more about and have more of an honest relationship with , due to e-mail and our commun that way . yet , after a while , it get drawn out and it doe n't last . Is it just like everi other relationship where it goe in spurt of vari amount of commun ? I realli do n't know . I do know that no matter if the relationship is superfici or real , accord to each person 's standard , god is abl to use us . We are abl to be a light into that person 's life and abl to make a differ . We can still show god 's love and still be abl to care about peopl . ben 's comment off of my last blog make a lot of sens ( even though it 's poetic ) . A person 's skin doe n't make the differ or make the relationship/ commun more or less real . It doe n't chang who we truli are and what we 're all about . what doe matter is that no matter what type of commun we 're use , the most import thing is honesti . It is then that a true relationship is form and can be trust to be true . peopl can alway lie as to who they are , and that is when the relationship/ communc becom superfici . 
classic quot from kid dure vb ... . addi hoover ( 5 ) - `` My favorit part of vb is when the teacher love on me . '' eric thoma ( 4 ) - `` jesu is go to be so mad at you . '' ( as anoth child put a leigh around hi neck and wa pull on it ) axton - ( 4 1/2 ) '' peopl usual think I 'm two until they hear me start talk . '' anoth quot from axton - `` one way in which jesu save us is like when peter wa walk on the water and then began to sink . jesu then pick him up and help him . that 's one way in which jesu save us '' , then I said , `` axton , can you pleas repeat that becaus some of the other kid were talk and they could n't hear you . '' He repli with , `` they heard me . whi ? what 's the point . '' classic moment ... .. gabbi - she just finish repeat the sinner 's prayer ... right after she said amen , she pick her nose . I know that noah and jennah did some total cute thing too ... As with addi and other ... feel free to post other classic moment or quot from our week of fun on lava lava island ... . 
pleas pray for my friend jason . today make the 1 year anniversari of when hi brother commit suicid . neither he or hi famili are christian , and so they are not lean on god for their hope and comfort . He did not come into work today and so I am not awar of how he is do . thank you . lord , I just want to lift up jason to you right now . I ask you to comfort jason , hi parent , hi sister-in-law , and hi nephew . may you comfort them that they may be abl to feel your presenc . may you give them your strength and suffici that they may be abl to handl thi situat and the remebr . may you pour down your love onto them that they may feel no void . lord , may you also soften their heart that they may be abl to know that you are real . may you give them the gift of faith that will caus them to come to salvat . thank you lord for your good , your grace and your merci , and I ask you lord to pour onto thi famili your grace , merci , love , strength , comfort , and heal . thank you jesu , I love you so much . 
To my earthli dad on father 's day ... . As a babi , you nurtur me ; As a child , you rais me ; As a teen , you love me ; As an adult , you guid me . thank you for be my father and my friend . To my heavenli father on father 'S day ... . befor my exist , you thought OF ME . befor my enter of thi world , you creat me wonder and perfectli . as a babi , you comfort me and love me uncondit . as a child , you disciplin , taught , and rais me . as a teen , you forgav me , believ IN me , saught after me , and chase me with your love and your hope IN what i may one day becom . as a colleg student , you show me your grace and merci and my need for you and empti without you . as an adult , you continu TO teach , guid , bless , love , chang , mold , and creat me into what you desir . you show me your grace , merci , and patienc . thank you my true father and lord for be my father , friend , husband , lord , and king . I will love you forev and tri to prais you alway , no matter what situat or trial come my way . I prais you lord . amen . 
I have had a chanc to spend some time with my littl couisin late , and they are just way too cute ! kyli is turn 7 on the 4th of juli and she just had her 'friend ' birthday parti yesterday . sinc she had a rock star parti , she made up her own song . she sung it to me friday night , and let me just say watch out femal pop star , becaus here she come ! : ) I want to Be ... by kyli bowman I want to be a girl I want to be a grown-up I want to go to the mall with my friend I want to be on american idol I want to be a singer Oh yeah ! then , today sydney ( 4 ) and colten ( 5 ) were put a puzzl togeth . sydney want to be the one that connect the piec . even though colten is the one that found the piec , he hand it to sydney and let her put it in the puzzl . I told him how nice he wa be and how impress I wa that he wa be so good . then , he repli with , `` yeah , I 'm be realli nice and good . that way , I can get anoth cooki . '' how can peopl not want to be around kid all the time ? they are just so dang cute ! 
isaiah 40:3-5 3 A voic of one call : `` In the desert prepar the way for the lord ; make straight in the wilder a highway for our god . 4 everi valley shall be rais up , everi mountain and hill made low ; the rough ground shall becom level , the rug place a plain . 5 and the glori of the lord will be reveal , and all mankind togeth will see it . for the mouth of the lord ha spoken . '' these are some of my favorit vers ( and they are in my least favorit part of the book of isaiah ) . I person realli like the first 20 chapter and the last 20 chapter more than the middl one . . .anywho , these vers are good to think about for a coupl of reason : 1 . they are good to think about with trial . god is abl to make our way out of everi trial a smooth path . He can make everi hurdl in our live seem easi , and He can chang everi part of the situat and circumst . 2 . god is abl to do thi when wit . sometim we can think that some peopl are unreach . I have thought thi about peopl at work , but yet , I have had a chanc to share littl thing with each of the `` untouch '' peopl . god can chang their heart and make way for littl tidbit of light and hi word and love to reach hi peopl . 3 . god can do everyth . He can do the imposs . We are hi creation , just like the mountain , hill , rock ... He can do amaz thing with them and He can do amaz thing with us . prais you lord for you are good and worthi of all of our prais . 
disclaim : If you are awar of one of my other blog and I have not person told you that you can look at that blog , pleas do n't . thi is the one that I like to share with everyon and the other are more for account with girl and for myself ... there is noth against anyon , I love you all regardless , but I would just prefer if onli a select few peopl look at my other blog . thank ! : ) 
I love you jesu for all the thing you have done in my life and all the thing you are do . 
