So , today while perus urllink slashdot , I came upon an interest articl discuss how urllink cellular phone converg devic are a black hole , eat away at profit of other electron gadget . I do n't know where these peopl are get their info , but nobodi 's give away these thing with their cell plan . If you want a full-on converg devic ( treo , ipaq , etc ) , you 're look at spend a few hundr dollar . A few hundr dollar which , I might add , go mostli to the compani that design the phone . A perfect reason to buy stuff on the bleed edg , instead of wait for market satur . becaus , boy and girl , onc these thing satur the market and becom the `` free '' phone , there 'll be even neater gadget that still have to be purchas . In other news , folk tri to decid whether to purchas a urllink treo 600 or a t-mobil sidekick now have a decent guid to aid in their decis . person , I had alreadi made my decis , and I love my treo . howev , to folk who do n't understand my love , it 's a veri well-don present made from a person as oppos to a commerci market standpoint . 
So , here it is . I have a blog . impress yet ? I knew you would be . Hi , um , I 'm spazur . I have a palmon treo 600 gsm phone and figur I 'd creat a blog to share my experi with it , mostli becaus I 'm sure other with the same phone might benefit from my trial ( and sometim error ) of variou featur and program . just to get an idea of the point of view , a littl about me : I 'm 23 year old , and marri . Do n't confus me with your typic housewif , though . I 'm a poor colleg student . My husband is a soldier in the u.s. armi : - ) I have friend all over the countri , and I travel ... . a lot . Hm . that 's about it for now , I guess . My first post is go to be a list of stuff current on my treo , as well as short littl review on each piec of sw. Be look out for it . : - ) -spazi 
So , the wonder folk over at urllink musicmatch have recent releas a new version , 9.0 . No , I did n't learn thi by go to their websit , I learn it by run the instal I download last year when I purchas musicmatch 8 , and realiz it wa n't the actual setup file . No , the file you download from their websit is n't the instal file for ani version of musicmatch . It 's an instal ( that explain the fast download ) . when you run the instal , it connect to musicmatch 's server and fetch the most current version of musicmatch that 's compat with your system and the languag you specifi , instal it from their server . that 's the problem . the actual setup execut is never on your hard drive . It wa n't alway like thi , I know I had the real setup file for musicmatch 7 . but not 8 , and not 9 . So , if you want to download musicmatch and instal it on a machin that 's not connect to the internet , or mayb you just want to downgrad to a differ version , or a differ languag , all is not lost . appar , musicmatch keep older version of musicmatch on urllink a publicli access web server . thi is n't a page design to ever be seen by custom , so it 's not particularli intuit , and I would n't suggest complain to them about the user interfac . basic , the setup file name convent is like thi : mmsetup_ # . # # . # # # # _xxx.ex To find the version/languag you need , look to the first # in the seri . that 's the version number . all the rest are revis number . you 'll probabl want the most recent revis , as it 's got all the bug fix , but whatev , it 's up to you . the last three letter are the languag . I do n't know them all , but here 's a short list of the one I *do* know : enu - english esp - spanish fra - french kor - korean deu - german ch - chines I 'm also not sure about the releas mark `` dell '' or `` appl '' . I have a dell PC . I 'll look into that . As for the appl , well , no clue . I own no appl machin , but from what I recal of the last one I did have , they do n't run window execut well . note : these are all just the sharewar version . If you have purchas a version of musicmatch , you 'll still need to enter your product key to unlock the pro featur . 
