updat , i got 1 charact for ninjaturdl ! yea ! so yeah it a work in progress along with my other duti with work and school . current im tri to migrat a win NT 4.0 server to win 2003 server . I am do alot of read and document . Im so tire of read . *sigh* but it must be done . man , i need a coffe mug that say `` I work for the man '' hint hint lui . so la la la di da . oh yeah , john cena suck ! 
yeah , so im listen to eminem . He is better than john cena . gawd I hate john f*ing cena . he cant rap , sing , wrestl , he suck . i so hope booker T whoop hi ass thi come week . can you dig it suuuuuuckaaaa ? ? ! ! ! ! ! ! urllink rhapsodi link 
remark by Al gore may 26 , 2004 As prepar georg W. bush promis us a foreign polici with humil . instead , he ha brought us humili in the eye of the world . He promis to `` restor honor and integr to the white hous . '' instead , he ha brought deep dishonor to our countri and built a durabl reput as the most dishonest presid sinc richard nixon . honor ? He decid not to honor the geneva convent . just as he would not honor the unit nation , intern treati , the opinion of our alli , the role of congress and the court , or what jefferson describ as `` a decent respect for the opinion of mankind . '' He did not honor the advic , experi and judgment of our militari leader in design hi invas of iraq . and now he will not honor our fallen dead by attend ani funer or even by permit photo of their flag-drap coffin . how did we get from septemb 12th , 2001 , when a lead french newspap ran a giant headlin with the word `` We are all american now '' and when we had the good will and empathi of all the world -- to the horror that we all felt in wit the pictur of tortur in abu ghraib . To begin with , from it earliest day in power , thi administr sought to radic destroy the foreign polici consensu that had guid america sinc the end of world war II . the long success strategi of contain wa abandon in favor of the new strategi of `` preemption . '' and what they meant by preemption wa not the inher right of ani nation to act preemptiv against an immin threat to it nation secur , but rather an exot new approach that assert a uniqu and unilater u.s. right to ignor intern law wherev it wish to do so and take militari action against ani nation , even in circumst where there wa no immin threat . all that is requir , in the view of bush 's team is the mere assert of a possibl , futur threat - and the assert need be made by onli one person , the presid . more disturb still wa their frequent use of the word `` domin '' to describ their strateg goal , becaus an american polici of domin is as repugn to the rest of the world as the ugli domin of the helpless , nake iraqi prison ha been to the american peopl . domin is as domin doe . domin is not realli a strateg polici or polit philosophi at all . It is a seduct illus that tempt the power to satiat their hunger for more power still by strike a faustian bargain . and as alway happen - sooner or later - to those who shake hand with the devil , they find out too late that what they have given up in the bargain is their soul . one of the clearest indic of the impend loss of intimaci with one 's soul is the failur to recogn the exist of a soul in those over whom power is exercis , especi if the helpless come to be treat as anim , and degrad . We also know - and not just from De sade and freud - the psycholog proxim between sexual deprav and other peopl 's pain . It ha been especi shock and aw to see these pair evil perpetr so crude and cruelli in the name of america . those pictur of tortur and sexual abus came to us embed in a wave of news about escal casualti and grow chao envelop our entir polici in iraq . but in order understand the failur of our overal polici , it is import to focu specif on what happen in the abu ghraib prison , and ask whether or not those action were repres of who we are as american ? obvious the quick answer is no , but unfortun it 's more complic than that . there is good and evil in everi person . and what make the unit state special in the histori of nation is our commit to the rule of law and our care construct system of check and balanc . our natur distrust of concentr power and our devot to open and democraci are what have lead us as a peopl to consist choos good over evil in our collect aspir more than the peopl ani other nation . our founder were insight student of human natur . they fear the abus of power becaus they understood that everi human be ha not onli `` better angel '' in hi natur , but also an innat vulner to temptat - especi the temptat to abus power over other . our founder understood full well that a system of check and balanc is need in our constitut becaus everi human be live with an intern system of check and balanc that can not be reli upon to produc virtu if they are allow to attain an unhealthi degre of power over their fellow citizen . listen then to the balanc of intern impuls describ by specialist charl graner when confront by one of hi colleagu , specialist joseph M. darbi , who later becam a courag whistleblow . when darbi ask him to explain hi action document in the photo , graner repli : `` the christian in me say it 's wrong , but the correct offic say , ' I love to make a groan man piss on himself . '' what happen at the prison , it is now clear , wa not the result of random act by `` a few bad appl , '' it wa the natur consequ of the bush administr polici that ha dismantl those wise constraint and ha made war on america 's check and balanc . the abus of the prison at abu ghraib flow directli from the abus of the truth that character the administr 's march to war and the abus of the trust that had been place in presid bush by the american peopl in the aftermath of septemb 11th . there wa then , there is now and there would have been regardless of what bush did , a threat of terror that we would have to deal with . but instead of make it better , he ha made it infinit wors . We are less safe becaus of hi polici . He ha creat more anger and righteou indign against us as american than ani leader of our countri in the 228 year of our exist as a nation -- becaus of hi attitud of contempt for ani person , institut or nation who disagre with him . He ha expos american abroad and american in everi u.s. town and citi to a greater danger of attack by terrorist becaus of hi arrog , will , and bungl at stir up hornet 's nest that pose no threat whatsoev to us . and by then insult the religion and cultur and tradit of peopl in other countri . and by pursu polici that have result in the death of thousand of innoc men , women and children , all of it done in our name . presid bush said in hi speech monday night that the war in iraq is `` the central front in the war on terror . '' It 's not the central front in the war on terror , but it ha unfortun becom the central recruit offic for terrorist . [ dick cheney said , `` thi war may last the rest of our live . ] the unpleas truth is that presid bush 's utter incompet ha made the world a far more danger place and dramat increas the threat of terror against the unit state . just yesterday , the intern institut of strateg studi report that the iraq conflict `` ha arguabl focus the energi and resourc of Al qaeda and it follow while dilut those of the global counterterror coalit . '' the iss said that in the wake of the war in iraq Al qaeda now ha more than 18,000 potenti terrorist scatter around the world and the war in iraq is swell it rank . the war plan wa incompet in it reject of the advic from militari profession and the analysi of the intellig wa incompet in it conclus that our soldier would be welcom with garland of flower and cheer crowd . thu we would not need to respect the so-cal powel doctrin of overwhelm forc . there wa also in rumsfeld 's plan a failur to provid secur for nuclear materi , and to prevent widespread lawless and loot . luckili , there wa a high level of compet on the part of our soldier even though they were deni the tool and the number they need for their mission . what a disgrac that their famili have to hold bake sale to buy discard kevlar vest to stuff into the floorboard of the humve ! bake sale for bodi armor . and the worst still lie ahead . gener joseph hoar , the former head of the marin corp , said `` I believ we are absolut on the brink of failur . We are look into the abyss . '' when a senior , respect militari leader like joe hoar use the word `` abyss '' , then the rest of us damn well better listen . here is what he mean : more american soldier die , iraq slip into wors chao and violenc , no end in sight , with our influenc and moral author serious damag . retir marin corp gener anthoni zinni , who head central command befor becom presid bush 's person emissari to the middl east , said recent that our nation 's current cours is `` head over niagara fall . '' the command of the 82nd airborn divis , armi major gener charl H. swannack , jr. , ask by the washington post whether he believ the unit state is lose the war in iraq , repli , `` I think strateg , we are . '' armi colonel paul hugh , who direct strateg plan for the US occup author in baghdad , compar what he see in iraq to the vietnam war , in which he lost hi brother : `` I promis myself when I came on activ duti that I would do everyth in my power to prevent that ... from happen again. `` note that vietnam featur a pattern of win battl while lose the war , hugh ad `` unless we ensur that we have coher in our polici , we will lose strateg . '' the white hous spokesman , dan bartlett wa ask on live televis about these scath condemn by gener involv in the highest level of pentagon plan and he repli , `` well they 're retir , and we take our advic from activ duti offic . '' but amazingli , even activ duti militari offic are speak out against presid bush . for exampl , the washington post quot an unnam senior gener at the pentagon as say , `` the current osd ( offic of the secretari of defens ) refus to listen or adher to militari advic . '' rare if ever in american histori have uniform command felt compel to challeng their command in chief in public . the post also quot an unnam gener as say , `` like a lot of senior armi guy I 'm quit angri '' with rumsfeld and the rest of the bush administr . He list two reason . `` I think they are go to break the armi , '' he said , ad that what realli incit him is `` I do n't think they care . '' In hi upcom book , zinni blame the current catastroph on the bush team 's incompet earli on . `` In the lead-up to the iraq war , and it later conduct , '' he write , `` I saw at a minimum , true derelict , neglig and irrespons , at worst , lie , incompet and corrupt . '' zinni 's book will join a grow librari of volum by former advisor to bush -- includ hi princip advisor on terror , richard clark ; hi princip econom polici advisor , former treasuri secretari paul o'neil , former ambassador joe wilson , who wa honor by bush 's father for hi servic in iraq , and hi former domest advis on faith-bas organ , john dilulio , who said , `` there is no preced in ani modern white hous for what is go on in thi one : a complet lack of a polici apparatu . what you 've got is everyth , and I mean everyth , run by the polit arm . It 's the reign of the mayberri machiavelli . '' armi chief of staff gener eric shinseki told congress in februari that the occup could requir `` sever hundr thousand troop . '' but becaus rumsfeld and bush did not want to hear disagr with their view that iraq could be invad at a much lower cost , shinseki wa hush and then forc out . and as a direct result of thi incompet plan and inadequ troop strength , young soldier were put in an unten posit . for exampl , young reservist assign to the iraqi prison were call up without train or adequ supervis , and were instruct by their superior to `` break down '' prison in order to prepar them for interrog . To make matter wors , they were place in a confus situat where the chain of command wa criss-cross between intellig gather and prison administr , and further confus by an unpreced mix of militari and civilian contractor author . the soldier who are accus of commit these atroc are , of cours , respons for their own action and if found guilti , must be sever and appropri punish . but they are not the one primarili respons for the disgrac that ha been brought upon the unit state of america . privat lynndi england did not make the decis that the unit state would not observ the geneva convent . specialist charl graner wa not the one who approv a polici of establish an american gulag of dark room with nake prison to be `` stress '' and even - we must use the word - tortur - to forc them to say thing that legal procedur might not induc them to say . these polici were design and insist upon by the bush white hous . inde , the presid 's own legal counsel advis him specif on the subject . hi secretari of defens and hi assist push these cruel departur from histor american standard over the object of the uniform militari , just as the judg advoc gener within the defens depart were so upset and oppos that they took the unpreced step of seek help from a privat lawyer in thi citi who special in human right and said to him , `` there is a calcul effort to creat an atmospher of legal ambigu '' where the mistreat of prison is concern . '' inde , the secreci of the program indic an understand that the regular militari cultur and more would not support these activ and neither would the american public or the world commun . anoth implicit acknowledg of violat of accept standard of behavior is the process of farm out prison to countri less avers to tortur and give assign to privat contractor presid bush set the tone for our attitud for suspect in hi state of the union address . He note that more than 3,000 `` suspect terrorist '' had been arrest in mani countri and then he ad , `` and mani other have met a differ fate . let 's put it thi way : they are no longer a problem to the unit state and our alli . '' georg bush promis to chang the tone in washington . and inde he did . As mani as 37 prison may have been murder while in captiv , though the number are difficult to reli upon becaus in mani case involv violent death , there were no autopsi . how dare they blame their misde on enlist personnel from a reserv unit in upstat new york . presid bush owe more than one apolog . On the list of those he let down are the young soldier who are themselv appar culpabl , but who were clearli put into a moral cesspool . the perpetr as well as the victim were both place in their relationship to one anoth by the polici of georg W. bush . how dare the incompet and will member of thi bush/cheney administr humili our nation and our peopl in the eye of the world and in the conscienc of our own peopl . how dare they subject us to such dishonor and disgrac . how dare they drag the good name of the unit state of america through the mud of saddam hussein 's tortur prison . david kay conclud hi search for weapon of mass destruct in iraq with the famou verdict : `` we were all wrong . '' and for mani american , kay 's statement seem to symbol the aw collis between realiti and all of the fals and fade impress presid bush had foster in build support for hi polici of go to war . now the white hous ha inform the american peopl that they were also `` all wrong '' about their decis to place their faith in ahm chalabi , even though they have paid him 340,000 dollar per month . 33 million dollar ( check ) and place him adjac to laura bush at the state of the union address . chalabi had been convict of fraud and embezzl 70 million dollar in public fund from a jordanian bank , and escap prison by flee the countri . but in spite of that record , he had becom one of key advisor to the bush administr on plan and promot the war against iraq . and they repeatedli cite him as an author , perhap even a futur presid of iraq . incred , they even ferri him and hi privat armi into baghdad in advanc of anyon els , and allow him to seiz control over saddam 's secret paper . now they are tell the american peopl that he is a spi for iran who ha been dupe the presid of the unit state for all these year . one of the gener in charg of thi war polici went on a speak tour in hi spare time to declar befor evangel group that the US is in a holi war as `` christian nation battl satan . '' thi same gener boykin wa the person who order the offic who wa in charg of the detaine in guantanamo bay to extend hi method to iraq detaine , prison . ... the testimoni from the prison is that they were forc to curs their religion bush use the word `` crusad '' earli on in the war against iraq , and then comment point out that it wa singularli inappropri becaus of the histori and sensit of the muslim world and then a few week later he use it again . `` We are now be view as the modern crusad , as the modern coloni power in thi part of the world , '' zinni said . what a terribl ironi that our countri , which wa found by refuge seek religi freedom - come to america to escap domin leader who tri to get them to renounc their religion - would now be respons for thi kind of abuse.. ameen saeed al-sheikh told the washington post that he wa tortur and order to denounc islam and after hi leg wa broken one of hi tortur start hit it while order him to curs islam and then , `` they order me to thank jesu that I 'm aliv . '' other report that they were forc to eat pork and drink alcohol . In my religi tradit , I have been taught that `` ye shall know them by their fruit . Do men gather grape of thorn , or fig of thistl ? even so , everi good tree bringeth forth good fruit ; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit ... wherefor by their fruit ye shall know them . '' the presid convinc a major of the countri that saddam hussein wa respons for attack us on septemb 11th . but in truth he had noth whatsoev to do with it . the presid convinc the countri with a mixtur of forg document and blatantli fals assert that saddam wa in leagu with Al qaeda , and that he wa `` indistinguish '' from osama bin laden . He ask the nation , in hi state of the union address , to `` imagin '' how terrifi we should be that saddam wa about to give nuclear weapon to terrorist and state repeatedli that iraq pose a grave and gather threat to our nation . He plant the seed of war , and harvest a whirlwind . and now , the `` corrupt tree '' of a war wage on fals premis ha brought us the `` evil fruit '' of american tortur and humili prison . In my opinion , john kerri is deal with thi unfold tragedi in an impress and extrem respons way . our nation 's best interest lie in have a new presid who can turn a new page , sweep clean with a new broom , and take offic on januari 20th of next year with the abil to make a fresh assess of exactli what our nation 's strateg posit is as of the time the reign of power are final wrest from the group of incompet that creat thi catastroph . kerri should not tie hi own hand by offer overli specif , detail propos concern a situat that is rapidli chang and unfortun , rapidli deterior , but should rather preserv hi , and our countri 's , option , to retriev our nation honor as soon as thi long nation nightmar is over . eisenhow did not propos a five-point plan for chang america 's approach to the korean war when he wa run for presid in 1952 . when a busi enterpris find itself in deep troubl that is link to the fail polici of the current ceo the board of director and stockhold usual say to the fail ceo , `` thank you veri much , but we 're go to replac you now with a new ceo -- one less vest in a stubborn insist on stay the cours , even if that cours is , in the word of gener zinni , `` head over niagara fall . '' one of the strength of democraci is the abil of the peopl to regularli demand chang in leadership and to fire a fail leader and hire a new one with the promis of hope chang . that is the real solut to america 's quagmir in iraq . but , I am keenli awar that we have seven month and twenti five day remain in thi presid 's current term of offic and that repres a time of danger vulner for our countri becaus of the demonstr incompet and reckless of the current administr . It is therefor essenti that even as we focu on the fate choic , the voter must make thi novemb that we simultan search for way to sharpli reduc the extraordinari danger that we face with the current leadership team in place . It is for that reason that I am call today for republican as well as democrat to join me in ask for the immedi resign of those immedi below georg bush and dick cheney who are most respons for creat the catastroph that we are face in iraq . We desper need a nation secur team with at least minim compet becaus the current team is make thing wors with each pass day . they are endang the live of our soldier , and sharpli increas the danger face by american citizen everywher in the world , includ here at home . they are enrag hundr of million of peopl and embitt an entir gener of anti-american whose rage is alreadi near the boil point . We simpli can not afford to further increas the risk to our countri with more blunder by thi team . donald rumsfeld , as the chief architect of the war plan , should resign today . hi deputi paul wolfowitz , dougla feith and hi intellig chief stephen cambon should also resign . the nation is especi at risk everi singl day that rumsfeld remain as secretari of defens . condoleeza rice , who ha badli mishandl the coordin of nation secur polici , should also resign immedi . georg tenet should also resign . I want to offer a special word about georg tenet , becaus he is a person friend and I know him to be a good and decent man . It is especi pain to call for hi resign , but I have regret conclud that it is extrem import that our countri have new leadership at the cia immedi . As a nation , our greatest export ha alway been hope : hope that through the rule of law peopl can be free to pursu their dream , that democraci can supplant repress and that justic , not power , will be the guid forc in societi . our moral author in the world deriv from the hope anchor in the rule of law . with thi blatant failur of the rule of law from the veri agent of our govern , we face a great challeng in restor our moral author in the world and demonstr our commit to bring a better life to our global neighbor . dure ronald reagan 's presid , secretari of labor ray donovan wa accus of corrupt , but eventu , after a lot of public , the indict wa thrown out by the judg . donovan ask the question , `` where do I go to get my reput back ? '' presid bush ha now place the unit state of america in the same situat . where do we go to get our good name back ? the answer is , we go where we alway go when a dramat chang is need . We go to the ballot box , and we make it clear to the rest of the world that what 's been happen in america for the last four year , and what america ha been do in iraq for the last two year , realli is not who we are . We , as a peopl , at least the overwhelm major of us , do not endors the decis to dishonor the geneva convent and the bill of right ... . make no mistak , the damag done at abu ghraib is not onli to america 's reput and america 's strateg interest , but also to america 's spirit . It is also crucial for our nation to recogn - and to recogn quickli - that the damag our nation ha suffer in the world is far , far more seriou than presid bush 's belat and tepid respons would lead peopl to believ . rememb how shock each of us , individu , wa when we first saw those hideou imag . the natur tendenc wa to first recoil from the imag , and then to assum that they repres a strang and rare aberr that result from a few twist mind or , as the pentagon assur us , `` a few bad appl . '' but as today 's shock news reaffirm yet again , thi wa not rare . It wa not an aberr . today 's new york time report that an armi survey of prison death and mistreat in iraq and afghanisatan `` show a widespread pattern of abus involv more militari unit than previous known . ' nor did these abus spring from a few twist mind at the lowest rank of our militari enlist personnel . No , it came from twist valu and atroci polici at the highest level of our govern . thi wa done in our name , by our leader . these horror were the predict consequ of polici choic that flow directli from thi administr 's contempt for the rule of law . and the domin they have been seek is truli not simpli unworthi of america - it is also an illusori goal in it own right . our world is unconquer becaus the human spirit is unconquer , and ani nation strategi base on pursu the goal of domin is doom to fail becaus it gener it own opposit , and in the process , creat enemi for the would-b domin . A polici base on domin of the rest of the world not onli creat enemi for the unit state and creat recruit for Al qaeda , it also undermin the intern cooper that is essenti to defeat the effort of terrorist who wish harm and intimid american . unilater , as we have pain seen in iraq , is it own reward . go it alon may satisfi a polit instinct but it is danger to our militari , even without their command in chief taunt terrorist to `` bring it on . '' our troop are stretch thin and exhaust not onli becaus secretari rumsfeld contemptu dismiss the advic of militari leader on the size of the need forc - but also becaus presid bush 's contempt for tradit alli and intern opinion left us without a real coalit to share the militari and financi burden of the war and the occup . our futur is depend upon increas cooper and interdepend in a world tie ever more close togeth by technolog of commun and travel . the emerg of a truli global civil ha been accompani by the recognit of truli global challeng that requir global respons that , as often as not , can onli be led by the unit state - and onli if the unit state restor and maintain it moral author to lead . make no mistak , it is precis our moral author that is our greatest sourc of strength , and it is precis our moral author that ha been recklessli put at risk by the cheap calcul and mean compromis of conscienc wager with histori by thi will presid . listen to the way israel 's highest court dealt with a similar question when , in 1999 , it wa ask to balanc due process right against dire threat to the secur of it peopl : `` thi is the destini of democraci , as not all mean are accept to it , and not all practic employ by it enemi are open befor it . although a democraci must often fight with one hand tie behind it back , it nonetheless ha the upper hand . preserv the rule of law and recognit of an individu 's liberti constitut an import compon in it understand of secur . At the end of the day they ( add to ) it strength . '' the last and best descript of america 's mean in the world is still the definit formul of lincoln 's annual messag to congress on decemb 1 , 1862 : `` the occas is pile high with difficulti , and we must rise - with the occas . As our case is new , so we must think anew , and act anew . We must disenthral ourselv , and then we shall save our countri . fellow citizen , we can not escap histori ... the fieri trial through which we pass will light us down in honor or dishonor to the latest gener ... We shall nobli save , or meanli lose the last best hope of earth ... the way is plain , peac , gener , just - a way which , if follow , the world will forev applaud , and god must forev bless . '' It is now clear that their obscen abus of the truth and their unforgiv abus of the trust place in them after 9/11 by the american peopl led directli to the abus of the prison in abu ghraib prison and , we are now learn , in mani other similar facil construct as part of bush 's gulag , in which , accord to the red cross , 70 to 90 percent of the victim are total innoc of ani wrongdo . the same dark spirit of domin ha led them to - for the first time in american histori - imprison american citizen with no charg , no right to see a lawyer , no right to notifi their famili , no right to know of what they are accus , and no right to gain access to ani court to present an appeal of ani sort . the bush admistr ha even acquir the power to compel librarian to tell them what ani american is read , and to compel them to keep silent about the request - or els the librarian themselv can also be imprison . they have launch an unpreced assault on civil liberti , on the right of the court to review their action , on the right of the congress to have inform to how they are spend the public 's money and the right of the news media to have inform about the polici they are pursu . the same pattern character virtual all of their polici . they resent ani constraint as an insult to their will to domin and exercis power . their appetit for power is astonish . It ha led them to introduc a new level of vicious in partisan polit . It is that vicious that led them to attack as unpatriot , senat max cleland , who lost three limb in combat dure the vietnam war . the presid episod pose as a healer and `` unit '' . If he presid realli ha ani desir to play that role , then I call upon him to condemn rush limbaugh - perhap hi strongest polit support - who said that the tortur in abu ghraib wa a `` brilliant maneuv '' and that the photo were `` good old american pornographi , '' and that the action portray were simpli those of `` peopl have a good time and need to blow off steam . '' thi new polit vicious by the presid and hi support is found not onli on the campaign trail , but in the daili oper of our democraci . they have insist that the leader of their parti in the congress deni democrat ani meaning role whatsoev in shape legisl , debat the choic befor us as a peopl , or even to attend the all-import confer committe that reconcil the differ between action by the senat and hous of repres . the same mean of spirit show up in domest polici as well . under the patriot act , muslim , innoc of ani crime , were pick up , often physic abus , and held incommunicado indefinit . what happen in abu ghraib wa differ not of kind , but of degre . differ of degre are import when the subject is tortur . the apologist for what ha happen do have point that should be heard and clearli understood . It is a fact that everi cultur and everi polit sometim express itself in cruelti . It is also undeni true that other countri have and do tortur more routin , and far more brutal , than our ha . georg orwel onc character life in stalin 's russia as `` a boot stamp on a human face forev . '' that wa the ultim cultur of cruelti , so ingrain , so organ , so systemat that everyon in it live in terror , even the terror . and that wa the natur and degre of state cruelti in saddam hussein 's iraq . We all know these thing , and we need not reassur ourselv and should not congratul ourselv that our societi is less cruel than some other , although it is worth note that there are mani that are less cruel than our . and thi sear revel at abu ghraib should lead us to examin more thoroughli the routin horror in our domest prison system . but what we do now , in reaction to abu ghraib will determin a great deal about who we are at the begin of the 21st centuri . It is import to note that just as the abus of the prison flow directli from the polici of the bush white hous , those polici flow not onli from the instinct of the presid and hi advisor , but found support in shift attitud on the part of some in our countri in respons to the outrag and fear gener by the attack of septemb 11th . the presid exploit and fan those fear , but some otherwis sensibl and levelhead american fed them as well . I rememb read genteel-sound essay ask publicli whether or not the prohibit against tortur were ani longer relev or desir . the same grotesqu misunderstand of what is realli involv wa respons for the tone in the memo from the presid 's legal advisor , alberto gonzalez , who wrote on januari 25 , 2002 , that 9/11 `` render obsolet geneva 's strict limit on question of enemi prison and render quaint some of it provis . '' We have seen the pictur . We have learn the news . We can not unlearn it ; it is part of us . the import question now is , what will we do now about tortur . stop it ? ye , of cours . but that mean demand all of the fact , not cover them up , as some now charg the administr is now do . one of the whistleblow at abu ghraib , sergeant samuel provanc , told abc new a few day ago that he wa be intimid and punish for tell the truth . `` there is definit a coverup , '' provanc said . `` I feel like I am be punish for be honest . '' the abhorr act in the prison were a direct consequ of the cultur of impun encourag , author and institut by bush and rumsfeld in their statement that the geneva convent did not appli . the appar war crime that took place were the logic , inevit outcom of polici and statement from the administr . To me , as glare as the evid of thi in the pictur themselv wa the revel that it wa establish practic for prison to be move around dure icrc visit so that they would not be avail for visit . that , no one can claim , wa the act of individu . that wa polici set from abov with the direct intent to violat US valu it wa to be uphold . It wa the kind of polici we see - and critic in place like china and cuba . moreov , the administr ha also set up the men and women of our own arm forc for payback the next time they are held as prison . and for that , thi administr should pay a veri high price . one of the most tragic consequ of these offici crime is that it will be veri hard for ani of us as american - at least for a veri long time - to effect stand up for human right elsewher and critic other govern , when our polici have result in our soldier behav so monstrous . thi administr ha shame america and deepli damag the caus of freedom and human right everywher , thu undermin the core messag of america to the world . presid bush offer a brief and half-heart apolog to the arab world - but he should apolog to the american peopl for abandon the geneva convent . He also owe an apolog to the u.s. armi for cavalierli send them into harm 's way while ignor the best advic of their command . perhap most importantli of all , he should apolog to all those men and women throughout our world who have held the ideal of the unit state of america as a shine goal , to inspir their hope effort to bring about justic under a rule of law in their own land . Of cours , the problem with all these legitim request is that a sincer apolog requir an admiss of error , a willing to accept respons and to hold peopl account . and presid bush is not onli unwil to acknowledg error . He ha thu far been unwil to hold anyon in hi administr account for the worst strateg and militari miscalcul and mistak in the histori of the unit state of america . He is will onli to apolog for the alleg errat behavior of a few low-rank enlist peopl , who he is scapego for hi polici fiasco . In decemb of 2000 , even though I strongli disagre with the decis by the u.s. suprem court to order a halt to the count of legal cast ballot , I saw it as my duti to reaffirm my own strong belief that we are a nation of law and not onli accept the decis , but do what I could to prevent effort to delegitim georg bush as he took the oath of offic as presid . I did not at that moment imagin that bush would , in the presid that ensu , demonstr utter contempt for the rule of law and work at everi turn to frustrat account ... So today , I want to speak on behalf of those american who feel that presid bush ha betray our nation 's trust , those who are horrifi at what ha been done in our name , and all those who want the rest of the world to know that we american see the abus that occur in the prison of iraq , afghanistan , guantanamo and secret locat as yet undisclos as complet out of keep with the charact and basic natur of the american peopl and at odd with the principl on which america stand . I believ we have a duti to hold presid bush account - and I believ we will . As lincoln said at our time of greatest trial , `` We - even we here - hold the power , and bear the respons . '' 
i just found out today that i am suppos to be in work at 7:30am ! oh well , ill get here at 7:30am tommorow . im not fire , so i suppos it all good . silli me . 
so now , i got the site run . and yeah im use a dumb templat in the meantim , but im gon na do some funni stuff with thi site . i creat so i can vent my creativ side . but stay tune ill get the ball roll . 
they delet my stuff ! ! ! ! ! ! *sigh* i guess when they did the convers from www.david.g to www.ninjaturdles.com my stuff got delet ! 
here is a link to the playlist im listen to now . you need to download rhapsodi to check it out . urllink rhapsodi link 
there is so much to do today . my back hurt and im tire . i have a test on wednesday . i have to bust some major booti thi morn and the rest of the day to feel comfort about the test . the test is open book , but you know how those test are . they tend to be the hardest . so , ok. as for the site . do n't expect much out of if other than a blog till after thi summer session is over with . mayb juli 5th . is when i will start work on my ninjaturdl . but as for now , it just a blog . anyway , have a good one and wish me luck . 
sorri about not updat as fast i should , but ive been pretti busi with summer school session 1. it got me ite for time . and yeah , you know me im here stude . but oh what i wa want to share with you guy is that if you need some realli good studing/motiv music listen to the cd `` run lola run '' i mean it got a beat that is contin and and seem to never end but it great for pump you u pto do someth . anyway , have a good one . back to stude . 
well sort of . im inherit my grandmoth hous for the time be . rent free ! I am go to do some work with the hous and fix it up n stuff . it got 3 bedroom and one bath . it not a great hous but it a decent enough hous to live in while i pay off my debt . befor thi opportun came up it would have taken me about a good 2 year to get out of debt . now , it go to take me 6 month to get out of credit debt alon . ill take some befor and after pictur to keep you guy post . oh yeah , i get cabl again ! yeah me ! 


2pac : perhap I wa addict to the dark side somewher insid my childhood wit my heart die and even though we both came from the same place the money and the fame made us all chang place how could it be - through the miseri that came to pass the hard time made a true friend afraid to ask - for currenc but you could run to me when you need me and I 'll never leav I just need , someon to believ in , as you can see It 's a small thang to a true , what could I do ? real homi help you get through and come to knew he 'd do the same thang if he could caus in the hood true homi make you feel good and half the time we be actin up call the cop bringin a ceas to the peac that wa on my block It never stop , when my mama ask me will I chang I tell her yeah , but it 's clear I 'll alway be the same until the end of time richard page : So take , these broken wing I need your hand to come and heal me onc again ( until the end of time ) So I can fli away , until the end of time until the end of time until the end of time 2pac : pleas lord forgiv me for my life of sin My hard stare seem to scare all my sister 's kid So you know , I do n't hang around the hous much thi all night , money make got me outta touch , shit Ai n't flash a smile in a long while An unexpect birth worst of the ghetto child My attitud got me walkin solo , ride out alon in my lo-lo watchin the whole world move in slow-mo for quiet time disappear , listen to the ocean smokin 'port , think my thought , then it 's back to coastin who can I trust in thi cold world ? My phoni homey had a babi by my old girl but I ai n't trippin I 'm a player I ai n't sweatin him I sex hi sister , had her mumbl like a mexican hi next of kin , no remors it wa meant to happen besid rappin the onli thing I did good wa scrappin until the end of time 2pac now who 's to say if I wa right or wrong ? To live my life as an outlaw all along remain strong in thi planet full of player hater they convers but death row full of demonstr and in the end drinkin heneessi made all my enemi envi me So cold when I flow eliminatin easili fall to they knee , they plead for they right to breath while beggin me to keep the peac ( haha ) what I can see closer to achiev In time of danger do n't freez , time to be a G follow my lead I 'll suppli everyth you need An ounc of game and the trainin to make a G rememb me , as an outcast outlaw anoth album out , that 's what I 'm about , more gettin raw 'til the day I see my casket buri as a G while the whole world rememb me until the end of time 
urllink dont judg me 
urllink dancin dancin , dancin machin ! 
urllink zoom zoom zoom 
urllink zoom zoom zoom 
urllink goo goo ga ga 
urllink blahblahblah 
urllink rais my nugget ! 
urllink my poopi are drippi , GO larg ! 
urllink biooootch ! 
urllink super size it 
urllink show me bigger comic 
urllink offic space ninja turdl bigger 
urllink show me bigger ! 
urllink see bigger imag click ME 

guess who 's back ? ! ye you got it right ! mase is back ! check out hi video ! urllink window media urllink real player 
ye , i wan na work with appl . i need someth that is gon na challeng me and keep me on my feet . i alreadi can handl stress , so i wan na do someth that is actaulli gon na push me . i hope i hope i get a job there . gon na start appli the last 2 year of my grad . degre plan . 
i want a saab ! ! ! forget the vw ! 
do you think it dumb to want to get a new car cuae you want to even though your got a new car alreadi ? ? ? ? 
yeah i miss my jetta . but , now i want a vw gti or golf . they are so uber cute ! 
i need a counter . can someon suggest ani good counter that i can use or purchas ? i dont know who is come in and go out my site . help a brotha ' would ya ? btw , yeah . im gon na be work on the site more and more thi summer . in the process of move now so it might take me a while to jump at it . but yeah , got some great idea . btw , if you want an email address let me know . 
here are some photo of our 4th of juli thingi booper . now that im out of school for a coupl of month time to updat thi site huh ? ... ... ... ... ... ... . so i got an email ask me where i post the pictur ... . i forgot ! silli me ! enjoy ! urllink 
urllink uglypuppi 
urllink ninja action frame ! 
urllink durr be durr 
