stuff is so chang like always..y just get use to someth and then it chang with life death move break up everyth just everyth . i feel sad in a way but that what life is , just chang . well anyway i dont realli have much to say . everyon pray for everyon . that about it . we all have our own grief and problem . 
wow im write twice in 2 day ... that like amaz : ) today i woke up at 9 and got readi for work and then i work 10-5 at the cleaner w/ andi and it wa sooo long but a littl fun and not so hot b/c guess what ? ? it wa cooler today ! on my way to work my car said it wa 75 degre . that like amaz . last night mel alli and i went to macaroni grill and it wa SO good and alway when i go there i eat the bread and my salad and then when my pasta come out all i can eat is like 3 bite ... liter ... so i take it home for later ! i should just learn to say no to the salad but mmmm i just cant ! so yeah im heat up my pasta righhht as we speak to eat it for supper tonight so that total excus that damn place be os expens ... it cover 2 meal ! anyway im get side track ... after eat we went on an adventur w/ jail mate and then we went to joe hous for hi parti and stay there for a bit . it wa fun so yeah ... .gooooo ddr as if we havent had enough of it alreadi lol . wow cool stuff right haha . but yeah joe wa realli fun then i came home etc . then today i work and then i went and work out and now im just chill for now ... so later kid xoxo 
heyyy : ) what up ? it is friday at 12 oclock in the afternoon and i just got off of work at the gym and then i pick up micki dee ! it so good ! i havent had it in so long so it yummi . i have to work again from 3-7 and then im not sure what im do : ) it is SO pretti outsid today ! like realli im think it the prettiest day sinc i move here . it nice not hot just realli nice and sunni so yay ! let see what have i been up to ! noth at all ! just enjoy the last few day of summer . the other day i went to my friend hous and laid out at hi pool and even though it wa onli for an hour it wa just sooo relax ! sunday mel alli me and kati might all go shop at like lenox and town centr so that would be fun ! i get paid today at one of my job even though it probabl wont be much b/c it is from the time period that i wa on vacat in hiltonhead ! im wear my livestrong bracelet right now , everyon should get one b/c they are onli a dollar and they give money for lanc armstrong 's cancer and research for it . over 6 million have been sold ! and theyr kinda cute and fun to wear : ) . i got my hair cut yesterday : ) it kinda a littl shorter but it still past my shoulder so it all good ! it need to be cut ! todya at the gym i had the cutest littl boy ever and he just move here from orang counti california . isnt that crazi . i would give almost anyth to live out there ! but oh well i suppos for now peach town will do : ) today on my way to work i wa on the highway and it 2 lane and a fire truck w/ it light on wa behind me and didnt know what to do so i switch lane . are you suppos to complet pull over ? i wasnt sure b/c isnt it bad to stop on a highway ? hmm im still not sure hope i did it right ... tomorrow i have to work 10-5 ... ahhh ! that so long ! okay well im go to go do noth now for 3 hour until work ! i love you all ! melani -- -i still need you to be my bloggi doctor missi ! ! adryan -- -im not depress , realli im not . im just veri veri moodi most of the time ... brandon -- -it cool that yall went out ... whatd yall do ? anyway im glad you didnt call me at 5 am b/c i had to get up at 7 for work but i 'd put my phone on vibrat so i suppos it would have been ok ! you know how i am when im asleep ... lol . k bye everyon ... and ... smile b/c i love you 
thing are about to chang dramat eh ... im not go to mention the unmention of next week the worst is over and we can breath again mel -- -im total complet sorri but can you fix my bloggi w/ all my link again ? i realli did tri to do it on my own and i have NO idea what im do . i love you ! i wish i wa at the beach : ( ive been veri moodi late . veri . and not exactli late , unless you consid sever month , late . yesterday wa my half birthday . anyon rememb . off to the gym . leav me some . 
