met up with my sup on thur ... .everyth seem ok ... ... just that my result are not 'correct ' ! anyway he did say 'good ! ' onc ... ... ..although i 'm not sure if he realli meant it . hope can find the bug that is caus the logic error and hope have better result . drive on fri wa ok ... .think i have a better sens of the car 's dimens ... .but still can improv . knock down the pole dure parallel pole ... ... shuck first time i did that ... ... tot can keep a clean sheet . bought a new game ... .battlefield 1942 ... ... it 's awesom ... ..the veri big map plu u can control vehicl as well , plu of cours the usual cs weapon . also have medic ... ..interest though not that use in singl player game . sat play pool with ed and coy . haiz not much improv ... when i tri to concentr on place the white ball ... ..the pot is lousi . when i tri to pot ... then the place is like shit . not easi as i thought ... ... definit need a lot of practic . 
wow a week ha past ... ..well funkamania last friday wa not up to expect . non of the group realli 'wow ' me ... .the best wa KR dancer , for their humour and 'glow-in-the-dark ' costum ... .veri innov inde . i think funk danc should n't just be fast movement ... there should be slow movement now and then ... .to emphas the fast part . if not everyth will seem quit monoton ... .and posit and coordin is veri import . if all the dancer move , danc togeth and in orderli manner ... .ani move will look great . there should also be some interact between dancer ... .not that impt though . went to play badminton with oak3 ppl on saturday . i wa quit surpris sj sm me the day b4 ... .for some small chat . i ca n't help but wonder whi she 's avail on saturday to play badminton ... .shld be go out with her bf . i wa more surpris when she said she 's sick on sat ... .tot stay at home would be wiser . anyway wa glad she wa there ... . the question mark over her current statu keep bother me till now ... most probabl her bf is on oversea attach . yah one more thing ... ..she look great when just wake up ... . watch hero with the usual movi gang ... .it wa a littl bit below my expect but ... the stori is quit interest . the fight scene are beauti ... .not veri excit ... just nice to watch . now look forward to the matrix sequel ... .oh ya ... ..actual got a free chicken sandwich dure the show as i wa inform last minut abt the show . hmmm perhap shld act blur the next time..then can get free meal ... . 
wah so mani day never log ... slack liao . anyway final decid on the cours to take thi sem ... after much struggl . hope the os cours is not veri difficult . just complet medal of honor ... great game ! ! remind me syphon filter ... the mission are quit similar . today 's drive lesson wa good ... manag the parallel park quit well ... .no pole down ... .gain some confid as well . hope to pass it the first time ... . never touch fyp for a while ... gon na finish all the test by thi week ... .hope i have the will to do it ... ..it 's get more bore . 
wed 's drive lesson : keep close to the line befor chang lane ... that convey the intent of chang lane . i kept forget abt that one . then at even time went for mel 's bday celebr at fish and co. wow the fish and chip serv wa huge ... .i wa realli full at the end . well the funni part wa that cindi got a stool for mel ... .low cost due to the poor economi . then all of us wrote our bday greet on the stool . oso the restaur 's staff made mel stood on a chair b4 we sang the bday song ... quit embarass for him . dure dinner heard alot of comment abt IA ... .well seem that certain thing dun chang ... 
went to sch of comput for OS first lectur ... quit blur ... wa late as well so dunno how to regist modul . but saw quit a few chiobu of soc ... hmmm someth diff compar to our lectur . haiz still ca n't make up my mind what to take . think os gon na be quiet time-consum but it 's relat to embed system and i 'm interest in know more abt that . think will make decis after go thru all the lectur thi wk . mel bday tmr and go to celebr at ex-tgif ... dint know where that wa at first . now birthday more low-key liao ... mayb ppl are short of money to buy present . anyway it 's good enough that oak3 have kept the tradit aliv for so long liao..think abt 1 and 1/2 yr . went to the astar websit and saw some interest stuff relat to my futur career . still dunno if research is the type of job for me ... .think i 'm more a hands-on person . but seem that govt is push veri hard for higher degre and research . think may not be too difficult to get a scholarship for master or phd ... .but then i dunno whether i can do research or not . 
first day of the last semest in sch ... sianz . went to cn2 first lectur ... realiz there 's a project worth 40 % to be done ... relat to socket program . sound interest and challeng but tough too . tot some of my former classmat will be take them but some went off dure the break and some told me they not take the modul after the lectur . haiz ... no kaki for the project . may also be good ... the project may turn out to be too tough in the end . but not mani choic left ... plan to take 3 modul but look like onli 2 left ... .still have os and vlsi ... hope they are easi modul ... .at least not tough one . 
sat nite met up with wf , zx , qh , yz and jf to have dinner at the ultra ex crystal jade kitchen at taka . but jf , who 's back from hi oversea attach , wa gener enough to subsidis 20 buck for the rest of us . he earn big buck oversea i believ . the servic wa quit lousi ... we 6 ppl had to cramp into a tabl meant for 4 ... but the food wa good , albeit a tad too expens for student . after that it wa warcraft time at far east build ... the most 'ulu ' lan game centr and billiard centr u can find in orchard . it wa quit fun ... pair up with qh and beat the rest ... haha ... but then 2 of them are beginn so we were accus of bulli . then we play card game at the least expect place ... insid orchard mrt . through play 'bluff ' we realis that zx never lie ... even when the game demand it . later we play heart ... not bad coz i learnt a new card game . sun morn 's soccer session wa good . we discov a new basketbal court insid chong boon secondari sch . it wa fenc up and the ground surfac is good . the onli problem wa that ... ..it wa damn hot ! ! .. there 's no shelter and with the 12pm sun scorch ... it feel like play in the sahara desert ... but overal it 's good..w had the whole court to ourselv . then after soccer went to zr 's cousin 's hse for swim . actual not swim ... just soak in the water but there 's a pool that can produc jet of water for messag . it 's realli good ... especi after a tire workout ... it 's power enough so the messag effect is there . definit shiok ... .to top all that up ... .a nice cosi late afternoon nap at my king size bed ... best ! ! ! 
well after some experi with the blogger interfac ... final my first attempt at blog is success ! ! still in the midst of figur out whi would peopl want to write their everyday life and thought and opinion for all to see . I have seen some and wow ... i wa quit surpris at the frank of some . hmmm ... guess i have to give it a tri to see just what the appeal is . anyway dun think i will have the disciplin to stick with the routin of weblog . anyway to know more abt me just go to my homepag ... that 's all for now . btw am i write for myself or for the read pleasur of someon els ? i have n't realli tri write a journal so it kinda feel strang . 
watch the shear hall product on friday ... ... except for the sexi gal on the show ... ..it wa total crap ... ..the onli redeem thing wa that there were gal wear some skimpi outfit ... ..the song suck ... .so doe some of the act ... ... start to feel the stress from the fyp project ... .present in about a week time . might as well also ... ... do a final report and ppt then just need to present again to the examin ... .. realli sick of the project now ... ..dunno if it 's me or the subject matter but ... ... research seem bore . the past few day have been run simul ... .it 's amaz my comput can withstand all the process . hope it doe n't crash ... ..can crash after ca4 ... .. haiz just wan na get past march ... ... onto april and it 's left onli the exam ... ... final graduat soon ... ..i wonder the feel that i will have after my last paper ... .. 
wow a week ha past ... .quit a hectic week of fyp simul at home . actual my comput is more overwork than me . seem like my supervisor is step up the gear alreadi ... .start to feel a bit stress . he is still not satisfi with the result . i think they are ok oredi ... .given that the origin approach is alreadi good enough . then the bloodi drive test oso come soon ... shuck seem like everyth all pack onto march . plu all the other modul assign ... .term paper ... .test and all that stuff ... .march is gon na be hard to bear man . still gon na send resum and hope to find a job ! wakau ... can not tahan liao ... . hope can take thing one at a time and finish everyth on time ... ..haiz ... .engin cours so ... .prepar to slog for 4 yr ... .which is veri true ... .never believ my senior but now realis it 's the truth . 
haiz ... ... did noth for her dure vday . actual wa readi to carri out the plan on vday morn ... .rose and the mp3 cd . but met her onlin on thur nite and ... ..somehow i feel the pressur to ask her out for dinner . she said she did n't have present and no date ... which surpris me actual . then kenna reject . at first she seem undecid ... but then at last it wa a firm no . haiz ... .she oso mention someth abt lead ppl on . oop ... is she impli that she is lead me on ? and the prevent further misunderstand ... she can not go out with me ? although i had told myself in my mind that i will not be affect by her , the fact is that i ca n't control the disappoint and bad feel after the reject of the date . the feel that i had a yr plu ago wa back ... .that same feel of admir , despair , doubt . i feel like go all out to woo her ... but i ca n't accept the failur . i noe that a failur here will lead to loss of concentr to do ani other thing ... .school work in particular . she is just uniqu ... .no one ever come close . is she realli the one in my life ? i must admit that i do not fulli understand her ... but i oso do not fulli understand whi i like her ... .it 's hard to describ ... it 's the whole packag . i wonder if i will ever meet someon like her again . 
now have doubt if i can execut the plan properli ... .there 's the problem of get flower at a place near her hous . i would n't want to carri flower while take the mrt ... .then there is the problem of whether give her a cd of mp3 would be too lame ... .she might think of it as cheapo . anyway i just want to give her someth differ ... someth that she can use and abl to enjoy ... . actual shld give chocol ... instead of rose ... .coz that may be too strong ... .'intent ' wise . chocol should be quit neutral rite ... .at least wo n't be embarass if i have been get wrong signal ... . 
suddenli have thi impuls of send her a stalk of rose and a cd of mp3 ... ..consist of love song . i wonder if it will be a pleasant surpris ... ..or a rude surpris ... ... in ani case ... .i realli wish that she would be happi thi vday . at least she get appreci on that day ... think of go to her hous earli in the morn to give her everyth . but that would mean i have to wake up sibe earli ... . i 'm oso scare that i have get the wrong signal all the while ... ... till now i still think that alot of guy interest in her ... ..esp in oak3 ... .. 
the fact that she sm me dure the badminton last time ... .the fact that she sat next to me dure the dinner ... ..the fact that she tri to strike a convers with me ... .are these hint that she ha a like , perhap small , toward me ? ? .. i am struggl with the decis to ask her out on vday ... .that 's one . the 2nd is thru what ... ..sm or thru phone . icq would be veri lame ... ..but it will seem out of the blue leh . from no date to a date on vday itself ... .that 's a rather big jump . that 's what i want to avoid ... jump the gun . suddenli had thi idea of creat a mini-cd that ha love song in mp3 as a gift for her . main motiv is to make her feel appreci thi vday ... coz she may be feel quit low . but dunno how to pass to her ... wait for her at her hse ? that may be too aggress . oso she may feel strang ... .that is if she dunno i still like her ... . haiz onli 4 day left ... .somemor got fyp to do ... .. 
i icq msg her to tell her abt the forum thingi ... .oso ask her if she 's fine . next day eagerli went to check if she repli . nope ... although she 's oredi onlin liao . haiz a bit dishearten ... .seem that she 's ignor me . so went onlin and start a small chat . learnt abt her r/ ... ..small joke here and there and oso some seriou talk . i feel that i still like her ... ..but she mention she 's scare of r/ now ... .back out from potenti one . think that 's what she said . haiz ... ..realli just want to go up to her and hug her ... that kind of feel . i wonder if she 's even the slightest attract to me . think she ha quit a number of suitor ... i dunno where i rank among them but my r/ with her is definit not veri close . there r some guy who are much closer to her . at least that 's the impress i get lar . today went to my aunt 's place for dinner ... .a usual everi yr ... .and yeah ... ..i wa forc to eat a portion that is beyond fill . that 's fine for me in the past but now i dun realli like to get too full ... .full is just enough . so a bit dulanz ... .they still treat me as if i 'm an adolsc ... ..'eat more , young man shld be abl to eat more ' ... .. thi yr realli no mood ... ..dun even bother to talk to my so-cal stepsi ... ... just wan na go home and watch epl match . 
it 's such a coincid ... .the question over sj 's statu wa still at the back of my mind . then as i wa surf the funkygrad forum ... .happen to read a thread which wa exactli what i guess had happen . and curios got the better of me ... .and i went to check the icq number ... .and it turn out that it wa realli her who wrote the msg . how taiko can that be ! ! ... seem to me that the chanc is extrem small ... .. dunno whi but my heart wa pound when i sat next to her dure dinner on sat ... .i can still feel that like toward her ... .just that it wa not as strong as the begin when i just noe her lar . but then again i wa oredi reject onc ... ..if that one can be term a 'proper ' propos ... .heard somewher that if kenna reject , can basic forget abt it liao ... . i just wish i had n't done what i have done that time ... .think i got out of control then . 
the first day of cni wa just as expect ... ..same place , same ppl ... ..it 's been a year but then it seem like i met them not long ago . think i can not feel the cni mood ... .long extinct in me . even get hongbao feel like a routin ... just a custom , tradit . the mean is long gone ... .anyway i 'm more interest in meet my matern aunti and uncl . at least can see my small cousin ... .i 'm guilti of not know some of my cousin ' name . especi those who are born recent . 2nd day wa more bore ... ..woke up at 11am ... ..slept at 4pm ... .woke up at 7pm ... ..haiz rain mah so feel a bit cozi on the bed . play pool with ed and jw they all ... ..first time that i saw some of their gf ... .haiz seem like onli wl and i unattach there . then had supper at a prata shop opp beauti world ... final knew where that is . prata so so onli ... ... but came to know of mani prata ... ..what tissu p , paper p , planta p ... ... those indian veri creativ . even the beverag ' name are interest ... ..milo dinosaur ... .milo godzilla ... ..wakau ... ... 
battlefield 1942 is veri addict ... .think i play it for most of the time thi week ... .other than do some run for my fyp . there are mani level to it ... .so mani vehicl to learn and differ type of soldier as well . start to use the medic ... which i think is quit good sinc i can heal myself . and the ak-lik submachin gun is not bad too . cni reunion dinner wa special thi year for a coupl of reason . first ... it 's the first time that it 's held in my hous ... usual it 's at my uncl 's hous , which is rather old liao at redhil . secondli ... we had steamboat ... also a first coz usual it 's meat , soup and the same old usual stuff that one of my rel cook everi year ... .and i mean everi year ... .it 's the same . so it 's differ thi year . lastli , it 's the first time sinc 10 yr that i had reunion dinner with 'mum ' ... .now it 's not my actual mum but then the feel of a famili is more complet than yr befor . actual it 's kind of bore ... .coz the routin for each year is almost the same , if not the same ... .even the order with which we visit my father 's brother and sister is the same . thi year is not go to be differ either ... .just that there 's go to be a jc class gather ... .hmm wonder how have the other chang ... esp the girl coz just met some of the guy recent . that 's someth differ thi year . 
well ... ..final it 's time to hand up the fyp report . haiz so glad that it 's go to be over ... ..now aim for ca4 to pass . and then get it out of my mind ... . then there 's the exam ... ..last hurdl ... ... must jump pass . got the drive licenc liao . it wa post to me ... ..hmmm look realli nice ... ... got hologram on it . but then i wonder when will i get to actual drive my own car . seem that i have writer 's block now ... ..dunno what to write . must be due to the fact that i wake up 6am in the morn ... she 's onlin now ... ..but dun feel like msging her . i bet she 's toke to those 2 ... .they seem to be onlin when she 's onlin ... ..or is it i 'm too suspici ? ? ... .anyway i 'm bald and my complexion look like shit so ... ..probabl dun stand one tini bit of chanc . 
well today 's present wa quit ok ... .at least i felt so . although he ask alot of question ... most of them are answer ... .just some clarif here and there . actual i forgot one crucial thing ... .to smile ! i think i must have appear too seriou ... .make the atmospher a bit tens i guess . anyway there wa the usual 'good ! ' exclam at the end ... .i think it 's an encourag sign ... .. hope will have the will to continu do somemor thing ... ... ya need to download the paper that wa email to me ... . one whole xiong week is final over ... ..phew ... ... ..now left ca4 and the final exam ... ... then it 's the end of one phase of my life . i 'm not sure i 'm prepar to enter to the next but ... ..just have to take thing as they come i guess . my hair 's thin and i 'm still feel lousi abt thi ... ..think of get medicin but tot of the continu cost everi month associ with it . is my hair worth 200 mayb 300 dollar per mth ? or rather is my self-esteem worth that much ? ... ..think it 's a decis that is postpon time after time ... . 
i pass my drive test ! ! ! ... ..it came as a shock when the examin told me that i pass . actual as i wa drive back ... toward the end of the rout , i notic him doze off ... i tot i had an immedi failur somewher dure the begin . actual i nearli mount the kerb dure the perpendicular park ... ..i just went forward and did it my own way ... .tot that would amount to immedi failur . also at the veri begin ... .i fumbl at the emerg brake . step on the acceler instead of the brake ! ! ! but other than thi 2 incid ... .everyth wa rather smooth ... .yah one more thing is that i cross the junctino dure amber light . but i can not stop in time . think it 's my lucki day ... .hope the ca3 present tmr goe smoothli as well ... ..thi week veri stress ... 
today 's drive lesson wa ok ... ..settl the problem of give him excess money last week . he oso dint know that i paid the drive fee in advanc ... .dunno if he 's act blur or what ... ..but anyway i point it out and he accept it so ... .still ok ... ... fyp project now run dri of idea liao ... ... tink that 's abt the best that i can do ... ..now just compil whatev result that i have and then present to him on wednesday . think it will be a bit late to chang the algorithm ... have been send job applic through the email and so far ... ..no repli ... ... haiz . i wonder if it 's down the 'recycl bin ' ... ..anyway think i need to touch up on my resum ... ... 
play soccer thi morn ... .it 's been a while sinc the last session . fyp get quit sian ... .dunno what grade i will get ... .dun even noe hi impress he ha of me ... .haiz think i will just settl for a B+ ... ..and a second upper honor ... ... i m think of her again ... ..i wonder if she 's go out with someon now ... ..but i 'm realli busi now and i ca n't be distract ... .especi now when the fyp and drive test ard the corner ... .wish march can end faster ... .. sometim i wonder whi i 'm so persist ... ..what 's the point when she ha said that we r onli fren ? there is onli her is my heart ... ..and i ca n't allow anyon in ... ..i feel connect to her in a way i have n't and wo n't probabl feel with some oth gal ... yet ... .i ca n't forc her to like me ... . 
had the os quiz today ... .sibe tough . and i still dun like the lectur 's cold joke and smug face ... .although he 's ok as a lectur . now it 's time to revis for the exam that are come ... . qh , wf and zx came to watch manu vs newcastl match ... ..wow it 's a 6-2 thrash by the devil ! ! ! ... quit an unexpect scorelin ... ..hmmm i smell troubl for the gunner thi come thursday ... ..when they 'll play manu in the decid match of the leagu champion . she 's not send ani email recent ... ..i wonder if someth ha happen . is she attach oredi ? ? ... ... haizzz ... ... and i 'm gon na feel sad onc again ... . 
wow it 's been so long ... ... yeah ! ! > ... ca4 is over ! ! ! ... ... ... .though i dun think i did quit well . he wa n't that impress with my work but then ... ... it 's over so ... .. now it 's onli the exam ... .. the exam is round the corner liao ... ... need to start my revis soon ... ... thank , vlsi not much materi ... .o open book ... ..bio quit jialat ... ..law oso ... ..so think will concentr on that 2 ... . recent ... ..got hook onto warcraft again ... ... seem like there alot of tactic unexplor . hmmm ... ..i have writer 's block now ... .hai continu tmr ... . 
As I begin my work life , I am start to ponder about the real mean of work . what is the main object of work ? first of all , is it just a mean to earn money ? should I tri to get a job that is unbear but give me more money ? I think I will hestit to place money as the top criteria . sinc I spend more time work than spend the money that I earn , the job should be at least satisfi . To me , peopl that work hard will spend hard . but is there a need to be thi extrem ? whi not work reason hard and not spend too much ? and in the process , have some time out to engag in other more person and fulfil interest . then again , whi not make your job the person and fulfil interest ? that would be ideal , but I guess not mani peopl can achiev that . the main reason is practic ( money earn may be less ) , and also figur out what is realli worth the time and effort . then come the next question , is work more import than my person life and leisur ? Do I realli want to forgo time that can spent enjoy life or have the compani of friend , in my offic ? the compani is not go to take care of you when you are sick , when you are retrench . So whi put in so much effort and time on someth that doe n't realli care ? I wonder whi so mani peopl put so much effort in their work when they should be watch their children grow up , spend time with their spous and old friend . Is it becaus they are just tri hard to make a live , and the job nowaday demand more of peopl ? Or are they just realli so interest in what they are do ? I alway feel that even the most interest thing will get bore when you do it day in day out for mani year . doe it mean that I will chang job everi few year ? and lose the secur that come with job ? Or will I adapt so well and becom reluct to switch job scope ? 
I had my lunch today , all alon . seem like it 's go to be like that in the day to come . actual , it would n't be that bad if the canteen is not that crowd . today , the canteen wa pack when I went , and everyon wa yak away . felt realli alon ... perhap it 's becaus usual will meet up with wave peopl dure lunch . I think it 's the pressur from my boss that 's make me feel uptight . He 's alway iter to me that I must learn fast . well , ca n't he just leav me some space to breath ! I know what he expect alreadi , so leav me alon . He ask for a weekli report ... what the hell am I suppos to write ! anyway , I hope I can learn the basic by thi week . 
I am think about the motiv to work , and it seem that the motiv ha to come from somewher that is outsid of that person . I mean , he can be work to provid a good life for hi famili , gain recognit from hi friend , earn money to satisfi materi need . doe anyon realli work for the job itself , becaus the job is interest and challeng ? Or doe anyon work to prove to himself that he is capabl ? I do n't think peopl realli enjoy their work , or at least the major of the peopl . but perhap , they have grown use to do it that somehow , they stick with it . In the end , it 's the pay they get that 's more import than the job itself . for a guy with a girlfriend , I would think that in the initi year of hi career , the motiv of work is to earn money so that enough can be save for marriag . marriag is not cheap here . then after that , it would be work to earn money for rais children , which is also quit expens . So for such a guy , the motiv to work is there . howev , for a guy without a girlfriend , the motiv is less clear . will he be motiv to climb up the ladder so that girl would start to notic him more ? By the time he reach there , he 'll be over 30 I believ , and that age I think is a bit over the suitabl marriag age . and if he spend all hi effort on hi work , he 'll not have time to scout for a partner . 
