with just over five day to go befor I split for urllink ronnebi , I 'm have a modern dilemma - what media to take ! ten day without some familiar sound and vision will realli do my head in , so I 've been busi rip and compress cd and dvd readi for bundl onto the work laptop and the pda . As I 'm also take my camera I 'll need to get a power convert for the batteri charger , as well as some more compact flash card . cripe know what the custom guy will say when I go through the airport secur scan with all that electr gear stash in the rucksack ... 
went to liverpool to get my passport today . ronnebi here I come ! urllink urllink 
have you notic how mani more realli fat peopl there are waddl about these day ? now , befor I get lynch by tubbi lard ars call me an insensit pig who 's pander to the advertis industri myth of slinki peopl with perfect nostril laugh beauti as they have multipl orgasm in their design jet fighter , let me differenti . I 'm not talk about peopl such as your truli who have some extra poundag that could be lost if we were n't keyboard-bound geek who did n't exercis , or your cuddli work mate who ha a weak for lasagn , or your famili member with the chemic imbal . No . I 'm talk about those lumpi , congeal behemoth that somehow manag to hyperventil themselv out of their groan nissan micra befor thud off toward the frozen food section with their shudder buttock scrape and squeak past one anoth like battl mice trap insid a sweati pair of knicker . An exampl . Me and gerard went for a walk around urllink dunham massey park and garden today . It 's nice place . the squirrel are tame , and so are the staff . but the glori of the flower and the tree and merri littl woodland creatur wa sour a littl bit everi five minut or so as we were brought face to face with anoth visitor from planet michelin . We saw so mani blubberi chin and felt the earth shake so mani time that we thought we 'd arriv at fat bastard ' convent 2004 . now , I could present theori on whi these peopl are as they are , such as abus as a child , insecur person , social exclus lead to inappropri diet and similar , and I could quot from the gospel accord To saint oprah by refer to them as person of weight challeng , victim of imag expect , bodi prison or some other evas monik . but , I wo n't . they 're fat peopl who eat too much . and there 's more of them . and they 're everywher . and you 're next . just thought I 'd get that off my chest . have a nice day . 
On june 1 , I 'll be off to sweden to attend the urllink telec summer event 2004 in urllink ronnebi . It 's a urllink work trip , but I 'm realli look forward to it as it 's my first ever trip abroad , and it 'll onli be the third time I 've flown . In these day of cheap flight and cheaper accommod , it might sound a bit odd for a 36 year old , fairli well off chap like me to tramp off on hi virgin voyag to the land of johnni foreign , but I 've had my reason . ( such as look after my insan old mother , have a success of crap job that did n't pay enough , and other wrist-slittingli depress reason I wo n't bore you with here . ) I 've been tri to find inform about the place to stay and where to play over in ronnebi , but ca n't find much on the web . I 've no intent of just hang about the hotel if there 's an interst rock format or two nearbi , and as my boss phil will also have itchi feet I 'll have someon to go 'ooh ' and 'aah ' will at all the new stuff they 'll be to see . Of cours , my camera will be come along , so expect lot of pictur of hairi beast and pretti flower on thi here blog in the latter part of june . ( As long as I rememb to get a UK to european main power convert , that is . ) 
