I manag to scrape up some money yesterday and purchas sleuth from larri ( of face2fac game ) . I think the artwork and qualiti of the game are super , although the linen of the card are a bit too textur for my like . If you hold them a certain way , the light will glare off of the card and make it difficult to read the card . thi is such an improv over the old 3M version of the game which had almost no artwork to speak of . I think thi is one of the thing that I like best about face2fac ; they take the time and extra effort ( read money ) into make an alreadi good game that much better . I 'm sure that sleuth would have sold well if it wa just a reprint of the 1967 3M game . the attent to detail and improv on present should make thi a hit . the famili took the new version out for a 'spin ' thi afternoon and had a pretti good time . the game is a bit much for julia ( age 6 ) but she 's understand some of the idea . she insist play , though , so three-cheer for her tenac ! I also finish read dean koontz 's latest `` the taken `` . I 'll give it a 3 out of 5 star . If it wa n't for the end , which tie the stori up nice , I 'd have rate a one . To me , thi just did n't stand up to the enjoy , that I 've come to expect , from a dean koontz book . I 'm usual struck by the charact in one of hi yarn . there 's alway at least one charact that I 'm drawn to , and whom I 'm interest in follow . the taken just doe n't have the 3D character that I 'm use to . grant the tale take place for the most part over a time span of less than a day , and the action is roller-coast pace . So , what can I expect ? I guess I wa just hope for more . perhap a longer novel would have sate my appetit . I 'm now on to read stephen king 's dreamcatch . look like alien conquest stori are fill some need . : ) 
It 's been quit a busi coupl of day . work ha had me zoom between provid , RI and newport three time so far . luckili the day is almost over so I 'm kind of coast into the weekend . had rehears over at the mason 's lodg on wednesday and had a great time . I realli enjoy be with the guy and learn the protocol of open and close the lodg is veri interest . I 'm learn that my abil to do an 'about-fac ' is lack . note to self ... Do n't wear rubber-sol shoe on meet night . they have the propens to grip the carpet when do an about-fac which I 'm sure will eventu send me spill to my keester in front of everyon . funni thing with all of thi is that I wa ask to be senior steward , instead of junior steward . honestli , I did n't realli know what each offic did , but I 'm find out that the senior steward , among other thing , take care of the kitchen and the meal for the lodg . I 'm kind of look forward to do that , although I 'm quit sure that it is go to take up a goodli chunk of time . lori , though , is quit support so it doe n't look like it is go to be ani hardship . I 've also been spend my lunch with larri at the game keeper . It 's usual alway quit interest visit him and see the folk that wonder into the store . sid sackson 's sleuth is now for sale . I 'd realli like to get it , but we 're a bit short on fund at the moment . I 'm go to call lori to see if we can scrape up enough so we can get it for the weekend . It would be fun to play while at the park with the kid . I 'm also hope I can get a picnic setup in the next few week to have some friend over to the park and either play lawn type game or board game . more later . 
