A new legaci , segment I : the newbi complet the titl say it all . click urllink here to read it , or go to the urllink A new legaci section if you have n't read the rest of the segment yet . 
site design improv ... I made a minor chang that should help make the link text on the sidebar on the left side of thi page easier to read . If you are have issu with ani aspect of the site , feel free to urllink drop me a line with your suggest . thank ! 
welcom to the continuum fanfict network , version 2.0 ! OK , I think I final got most of the site work ( if not all of it ) . hope you like the new design ; it 's quit a bit more organ than the previou incarn ( and look a hell of a lot better , to boot ) . A few page in the urllink A new legaci section got slag in the process , they 'll be back when they 're actual need for the stori ( pilot/squad profil , the continuum challeng section ) . that part done , time to finish up segment I ! 
site updat in progress ... the site is undergo a complet redesign ; access to the origin page is possibl through the link at the top of thi page , but you may have to use the `` back '' button on your browser to return to thi page . thi issu should onli be a problem for the next coupl of hour until I have complet updat all page on the site . 
As anyon who ha been follow the stori ha figur out by now ( all four or five of you ) , it 's been a while sinc there 's been ani sort of progress made on urllink A new legaci . I have n't forgotten about the stori , it 's simpli been sit on the back burner for a bit due to RL issu ( work , and get readi for a six-month `` pleasur cruis '' to the gulf ... ) . I hope to have someth up by mid-week , if I have n't gone insan by then , that is ... x_x 
found thi littl gem hidden in a corner over at the urllink chao zone websit . thi one 's been around for a while , and I could n't resist put it up here . urllink ykyptmssw ... ( dang , that 's cumbersom ) is up in the urllink other work section , check it out ! 
I 've creat a new urllink subsect where I can post miscellan news , opinion , link , or whatev happen to be on my mind at the time . On the fanfict front , work on urllink A new legaci , segment II : trial By fire is be continu after an extend hiatu . look for the open part sometim in the next week or two . In the meantim , thank to everyon who ha been post or send in their profil ; I 'll work on get them format and post within the next coupl day . thank for your support , and here 's hope that the stori will go on ! 
pilot and squadron profil need ! for those of you who want your subspace/continuum persona or squadron to appear in urllink A new legaci , or if you have alreadi been mention , pleas send me a short profil to includ : -nickname/nam of squadron -creator/own ( squad onli ) -length of time play subspace/continuum or sinc squadron wa creat -favorit zone ( s ) -favorit ship ( s ) -brief descript of your subspace/continuum experi and/or the histori of your squadron send your profil via e-mail to urllink chaosw @ continuum-fics.net . If you do not wish to have your nicknam and/or squadron featur in A new legaci , I strongli encourag you to e-mail me with such request . work continu on segment II , part 1 ; keep an eye on thi address for further updat . thank you to everyon who ha support me with stori idea , design point , and even simpli follow the stori to thi point ... I appreci it ! 
the answer to that question can be found here ( snip from the descript of the photo ) : urllink uss nimitz ( cvn 68 ) and carrier air wing eleven ( cvw-11 ) carri out flight oper in support of oper iraqi freedom . internet access alon is tenuou , without the futil effort in get the ftp work to keep anyth but the open page of the site updat . therefor , until some solut can be devis , updat to the urllink continuum-fics.net domain ( with the except of the spectat mode page , and the one you 're read now ; these are base on urllink blogger urllink , which onli requir http access ) are be suspend . howev , do n't think that thi mean work on the stori itself is be halt ; on the contrari , progress is still be made , though at a somewhat slower pace ( given my lack of abil to actual play the game the stori is base on ) . that all be said , keep have fun , and I 'll be back befor you know it . 
the war , insofar as the major campaign goe , is more or less over . [ edit 5/27/04 : If onli I could have known just how wrong I wa ... ] the major of the troop are look forward to pack up and head home , and the lion 's share of the naval forc ( 3 of 4 carrier in the gulf ) have head back to their respect homeport . how doe thi affect both myself and the futur of cf.net ? well , in all honesti , not veri much . the nimitz remain on station in the arabian gulf , and is like to stay here for the forese futur ; with onli about two month complet of a schedul deploy , we 're unlik even to consid to pull back into san diego until veri late thi year . that be said , I will continu everi effort to continu work on A new legaci , as well as anoth coupl of non-ss project I am work on , and hope to have everyth back in work order upon my return to the mainland . It pain me to have the site gather cobweb while I 'm away , but there 's noth to be done ; hope , I will be abl to make up for lost time onc I get back home . I 've got ta run ; keep the game fun , and I 'll see you all again in a few month ! 
I 've been send out e-mail to folk back home for the last few month ; I figur I might as well let the rest of you know what 's been go on out here ever sinc I unceremoni disappear . first off , `` here '' at the moment is somewher in the middl of the arabian gulf aboard the aircraft carrier uss nimitz ( cvn-68 ) . We 've been deploy sinc march 3 , and we 're look at stay out here until sometim between septemb and novemb . sinc we pull out of san diego , we 've steam halfway around the world , conduct flight oper , drill , and other train in prepar for go on-stat in the gulf . We began support oper iraqi freedom befor we actual arriv in the gulf , send a pair of f-18 super hornet to the carrier abraham lincoln ( which we later reliev ) . sinc that time , nimitz ha conduct flight oper over iraq almost non-stop , support coalit ground troop and project an airborn presenc in iraqi airspac . the nimitz strike group ha also conduct three success portcal in the unit arab emir and bahrain , and is look forward to at least a few more befor we depart for home . condit in thi area of the world are fairli harsh ; temperatur shipwid averag anywher from 80-120 degre , and our proxim to the desert make airborn dust a constant sourc of headach ( particularli down in the propuls plant , where I work ; when we first got to the gulf there were occas where you could actual see cloud of dust blow through the plant as we pass through the remnant of a sandstorm ) . We 've manag to work our way past that problem , but onli through constant hard work and vigil . We 've had a few visit from notabl figur in the past few month ; the name includ conan o'brien , gener tommi frank ( command , u.s. central command ) , wayn newton , neil mccoy , the dalla cowboy cheerlead , alyssa milano , and R. lee ermey ( gunneri sergeant hartman in `` full metal jacket '' ) . some of us want arnold schwartzenegg to fli out here , but it look like that probabl ai n't happen . Oh , well . that 's about it for now . there 's not that much go on out here right now , but I 'll keep post stuff semi-regularli for y'all to keep up with . hope thi 'll tide you over until we pull back in and I can get back to work on the stori in earnest ( I 've got some other plan for the site as well , but those 'll have to wait as well ) . keep pull for us out here , and I 'll be back in a few more month for you to play target practic with . ; ) 
within the next week , I 'll be post anoth of my work in progress on cf.net . It 's not ss/continuum-rel , but given the dearth of content on thi site , I figur it 'll make a decent addit anyway ; at the veri least , it 'll give the two or three occasion visitor someth els to look at besid the usual random , not-too-inform post on thi page and the first segment of A new legaci that 's been there sinc the begin of the year ... 
I 'm tweak some of the site 's design characterist in an attempt to make it somewhat easier to maintain ( I export the gener site stylesheet that wa in the header of everi page to a singl css stylesheet , which they are now link to instead ; thi should make sitewid design tweak much less of a hassl ... ) . I 've also move specmod to the site 's root directori , due to the inabl of my current ftp upload to access the subdirectori . bleh . In the meantim , I 'm look into new site design ; if anyon out there feel like lend a help hand , I 'd love to hear your input . 
just a sidenot ... I 've been have a bit of troubl with outgo email with two account , use four differ program on two differ comput ( my tablet PC and my powerbook G4 ) , and both earthlink 's and domaindirect 's onlin setup guid have been useless in troubleshoot my problem . If anyon read thi ha ani idea what may be wrong , I would appreci ani suggest . In the meantim , ani e-mail correspond on my part will have to be done via webmail , so those veri few of you who use email to contact me , keep that in mind when wait for a repli ; also , I 'll be out of town for about a week , with no cabl connect ... so I probabl wo n't be do ani sending/receiv until I get back , becaus I hate do webmail on dialup connect . that be said , I 'll continu work offlin on the new site design , and hope it should be done within a week or two . 
hiya folk . No , I 'm not dead ( as just about anyon visit the site in the last week or so have probabl realiz ) . No , thi site is not dead , either . It ha simpli been on hiatu for the past eight month or so while I wa gone on deploy . that be over with , I intend to tri to make up for lost time . work on A new legaci will re-comm soon , along with a coupl non-ss-rel project I 've got in the work . just be patient with me , and I 'll get everyth back up to speed asap . 
OK , as you have probabl notic , I still do n't have the new stori up yet . I 've been work on a coupl of other project , at thi site 's expens . well , I herebi resolv to have new horizon onlin at cf.net befor year 's end . 
chapter urllink 2 , urllink 3 , and urllink 4 are up . profil and other info will start go up soon ! 
urllink chapter 1 is up ( final ! ) , and chapter 2 and 3 will be join it as soon as I get them format . It 's a bit differ from the norm , but I figur it 'll help fill in the gap from the lack of A new legaci updat ... 
It would seem that I have n't updat here in quit a while . but ... thi site is n't quit dead yet ! new horizon should be updat with part 5 within the next coupl day , which should start the process of bring the continuum fanfict network back up to speed ! In other news : urllink spectat mode , the segment of cf.net in which I post pretti much anyth I darn well pleas , ha been splinter off onto it own domain , and can now be reach at : urllink http : //www.specmode.net . well , enough plug for me ... back to write ! 
well , darn it ... I went and forgot to updat the rest of the site to match the new format . oop . ^_^ ; I 'd better get to work on that , quick-lik ! Oh , and I 'll format and post new horizon chapter 5 while I 'm at it . 
whoa ... did n't realiz that it had been so long sinc I 've done anyth with thi site . well , that 's gon na chang right now . As you can tell , I 've chang the site templat to someth a bit easier on the eye , and the chang are n't gon na stop there . I 'm go to be work on shift the current cf.net archiv to the new schema , updat and ad materi where necessari ... ... but that 's just the begin . I 've got a few more idea for possibl futur project , so just keep your eye on thi page . Oh , and check out cf.net 's sister site , urllink spectat mode for random blog good . : D 
