So , I decid onc again to have a blog . I 've had two , but I never kept up with them , and i felt the urg to have one again . So , there ha been alot go on in my life right now , and dont realli know what to do ya know . Im move away to colleg in about a month . there is thi guy that I met , who is so awesom , and I cant help but feel good when I 'm around him . just my luck , a month befor I leav , I meet someon awesom . well yeah , today wa a work day . then I got to go see bye bye birdi that lia , brittani , ryder , and brie were in . It wa a realli good show . alway fun at the theatr ! later . qotd : `` My one regret in life is that I 'm not somebodi els . '' - woodi allen 
I had the time of my life : ( soon to come ) qotd : `` Be who you are and say what you feel , becuas those who matter dont mind , and those who mind dont matter . '' judi garland 
peopl are soo strang . most peopl I should say . some peopl realli need to learn how to `` grow up '' , but yeah , let not wast preciou blog space on them . anyway . I had a guava milk tea with pearl today ... .veri interst . yeah and mari came in today and gave us kind of like a lectur you might say , and I learn alot , but I 'm sure I dont know have the thing she wa talk about ... most of it will come when im older , more experi . I dont know what els ... 
what a day man . I had liter the best lunch . megan and I went to thi chines place downtown and we got some terryaki tofu sandwhich ... omg they were sooo good . y'all have NO idea ! anywho ... so yeah it wa great . talk to whit , we 're go to lunch tomorrow ( yay ! ) . hung out with keegan for a bit ... got some peach pearl milk tea , which wa interest . megan finish my scarf ! it so awesom , i love her for make it for me . yeah ... okay day . Im not feel too great , stomach ( sp ? ) isnt realli workin with me . contempl becom a vegetarian ... .will it happen , most like not , o well . Oh yeah , we did thi awesom exersis today in one of my class . two partner one is blindfold ... onc the blindfold is on , neither one could speak , and we had to lead our partner around the area ( outsid , across the street , etc ... ) . It wa basic a trust game , and I learn alot about how much I realli trust peopl . it an interest exercis , highli recomend it ! qotd : `` you miss 100 percent of the shot you never take . '' - wayn gretzki 
woke up thi morn at 10 am . went to the mall with mom , which wa alright . got 2 new shirt and new shoe ... final ! So then I went down to the montgomeri and saw miss saigon again , which by the way is realli good . So then kelli and I went to peggi sue 's for lunch , which wa fun . On the way back we had some good laugh . We got to her hous and sat in the car for like 45 minut listen to music . `` I didnt know how much fun a ball could be ! '' lol . Aw man kelli ... good time . I got home and mom bought me some stuff from costco : ) . veri nice . I went to go see the villag tonight with kelli . that wa one strang movi . It kinda suck co the peopl behind us were quit rude , and wouldnt stop talk the whole movi . To top it off they were kick the back of my seat , o well . that wa my even . I dont know what to do . should someth be said ? ... or left alon ... thi probabl doesnt make sens unless you 're me ... which none of you are so ... dont worri about it . My worri . qotd : `` NO the devil made the dryer ! everyth els god made . '' - carolin Or chang 
