I relat to that girl . I know what it 's like to be lock up in a place where no one can get to you and where you have no contact with the outsid world . mayb not as desol a locat , but it doe n't matter . I might as well be in siberia for all my connect with the outsid world . whi do you say thi ? whi is it that the more I think about it , the more I see how prison could be a better choic ? 1 ) I 'm lock up by the evil witch . well , two actual . they say they want the best for me , and I guess they do but it 's still a harsh sentenc they have impos on me . 2 ) the prison get 3 good meal a day . 3 ) guard gener do n't harass their prison or nag them . 4 ) prison get an effici laundri system and a TV in everi room . 5 ) prison do n't have to work . they are gener free to do what they want . 6 ) they get an hour out a day . 7 ) If their behaviour is deem satisfactori , they are abl to appli for a 48hr pass with a hope that it might be approv . fantast eh ? suddenli , the penitentiari seem a much more appeal option . 
My old one got found out so here I am . again . with a complet new url in the hope that they wo n't be abl to find it and discov the detail of the secret life of me . 
okay , it 's here again and whilst , in other year , it would 've been a caus for celebr as it would mean a period of rest and recreat , the fact that we 're in the final year of school mean that it 's just as they call it . A `` non-instruct period '' . which is just a fanci term for not be requir to be at school but where we 're still requir to do as much as , if not more , work then normal . Oh well . other than that , be back in singapor is the same as usual . parent are be as annoy as can be expect and constantli bug me about thing which I do . they gripe about my hair be too long/bushy/unkempt/thick/outlandish and chide me about my futur . basic just the usual thing which all parent do . It 's just a constant battl and argument with them about thing like freedom and the like . noth that most of you do n't alreadi know about . move along , I had thi weird dream last night . like an epiphani but not quit as intens nor lucid . peculiar how my dream are alway some abnorm event occur . anyway , for some reason , I dreamt I wa marri . ye . I know I spoke about marriag befor but hear me out first . anyway . chri , I think I told you about thi . well.. part of it anyway . I did n't feel quit right about tell you the whole thing just yet , but here the rest of it . My memori 's a littl hazi , but as far as I can rememb , I dreamt that I came home , wear a suit no less and I wa live in a dreami south yarra townhous . modern/contemporari architectur , futurist design and all . anyhow , I 'm stand at my door in a suit , some expens tailor one becaus I kept adjust it and make it straight and all . Or mayb it wa just my vaniti , I 'm not entir sure . guess who answer the door ? that 's right . miss you-know-who . No , not the one you guy are think of . chri know who I mean . I hate use name . and I suspect I might have given her the url to thi . I 'm not sure . but I 'm not take ani chanc . anyway , there 's the flurri of hug and kiss as the ladi liter pounc on me . ye ye , then there 's the exchang of sweet-noth and `` I miss you '' and `` I love you '' and yada yada yada . I 'll spare you the detail . later on in the dream , I use the toilet and as I wash my hand , I see A fuck wed ring . just like the one I alway had in mind , platinum with a small diamond inset . Do n't ask me how I know , I just do . keep in mind howev , that I wa dream at the time and all thi happen wa perfectli normal to me and I did not onc think that anyth wa out of place . till I woke up . now , there 's a portion of the dream which I 'm afraid I 'm go to leav out due to sheer embarass , but as I said . chri , you alreadi know the other bit . dear lord . pardon me for dream of thing like that , but you know I ca n't help it . It wa good though . enjoy ... mmmmmm ... 
