ok my coupl of day off from work are about to end soon . I felt I wa get some thing accomplish on line thi week . I still have to fix the mistak at the other diari page . No , no I wo n't drop the name here . I found some more graphic resourc thi week that wa a plu . I must admit you can go onli so far with the kind of graphic I am do . which lead me to my next project make the graphic myself . In my frustrat I tend to do thing my own way . It take me a while but I eventu do it . god I need more hard drive space ! I need a new comput ! Do n't know when my next day off is ? got to go , wish wet dream for everybodi : P 
befor I do research on my bloggi idea , I want make a realiti check list . list below is what ha been either broken or go wrong with me . thi ha all happen in the past week . thing all break at the same time . I hate it . Is it all over yet ? will more thing break or go wrong ? static electr : I get shock all the time . At home and at work . It is start to be pain . My cat even avoid me I have shock their littl nose one too mani time . poor murphi and lilli , I am sorri . I do what I can but my heat system is not well equip . My kid say it is me . I do n't think so . and if jay keep tell me that I need to drink more water he is go to get a water on him . I drink alot of water alreadi . dryersheet : humm now thi product is suppos to reduc the static in our cloth . I got a killer shock from the laundri and bought these thingi . well it onli help a bit . I am still get shock . I swear someon is tri to kill me . washer hose : well thi thing had a nice bubbl on it . thank to jay he notic it and brought it to my attent so I did n't have water everywher befor I did the next load of laundri . and the sweet guy that he is he fix it for me today . yeah yeah yeah the guy I threaten with the water . water is good . water is clean . He will adjust . ( he know I am kid ) I also found out where all the sock go when I do the wash . behind the washer ! hey bloginfing go check behind the washer for sock . hahaha thermostat : thi thing just stop and it is in the middl of winter . I had compani come over the next day . We were so cold that night . I knew how to do it and I want to do it myself but the time wa bad ( long stori ) . I do have proof that I can instal one though . I am not that hopeless . ye jay help me instal thi also . He realli is good . : ) heat filter : sinc the heater is work with such effici I thought new filter might help us breath better . My heater wa work poorli and I think still need a tune up or someth . but befor the repair the downstair wa so cold all the time and upstair wa veri hot . It ha even out now . thi amaz me . I have no idea whi but it doe . humor me I am a lost soul sometim . phone plate : thi sucker ha been broken for two year now . the phone wa disconnect in the middl of convers . and recent it wa hang from a wire out of the wall . hahaha ( bad homeown ) I got thi done final ! I wa almost down to one phone in the hous . A bad thing for me . heheh oh and my favorit rogain : I might have to tri thi stuff but I am not readi for it yet . My sister keep tell me `` I realli can not believ how thin your hair is get . you look like aunt lucil . '' aunt lucil wa almost bald befor she die . thi is not a compliment and my sister is 11 year older than me . My sister ha a full thick head of hair . Do n't ya love sister who point thing out like thi . well at least it wa n't my mom who would not onli point it out but announc it in front of other . Oh my I had to say that , damn it might come true then . I should shut up . 
urllink lord urllink blogfing Ok I am post the abov of my two friend that blog like I do . I am get anoth bloggi idea . hummm brb 
it been a long time sinc I have felt the need to post on here . I have recent decid to pull away from alot of my on line activ . I am do some seriou introspect thought on the work I love to do . I have never felt I am the best and the brightest at web design or comput graphic , but I can do thing that have made other peopl happi with my result . I help them for what they need on line . It get great pleasur out of help other . I am proud of what I have done even when I walk away and think I can do better . I still did it and the challeng is good for me . I learn constantli which ingnit a fire in me . not mani thing in my life have thi effect on me . So thi thing that I do I am keep to myself . I am not let anyon take thi littl happi away from me like they have done in the past . I am pull in so mani differ direct to do for other and I do them without hesit . that is whi I sometim have slow result when finish a job but it get done . thi thing that I do is apart of me now . just like my kid and I we are stuck togeth like glue . the littl vermin that they are hahahaha ! As my littl one would put it `` love you for forev mom ! '' `` same for me sweeti ! '' : ) now for the day time job I go to well I am work 5 day a week . I love thi job it is not perfect but the best job I have had in year . the employe are nice and boss are nice . they work around my hour . the pay IS sucki ! No way around it ... it just suck the big ol wiggola . I wa offer a manag posit but the compani reduc the perk of the job . the most import perk in my opinion . for starter money wa reduc caus the job is now classifi as permin part - time . what a nice littl loop hole to not pay an employe . thi also mean no insur benefit . ohhhh is n't that sweet and care of them . yep , I declin the posit . I like my flexabl so I am abl to be home with my children . now today wa fun at work . We got a truck of new product in for the summer season . thi stuff we all have fun with . the the two manag and I alway vote on what will be a good seller . cute stuff came in . veri summeri . but thi one thing that came in wa call a banana holder ? I am gon na pay $ 19.99 for someth to hold my banana ? whatev happen to a fruit bowl on the tabl ? now I understand I should not be confus thi with a banana hammock . A total differ entiti all togeth . To be honest I think the concept would be better for the fruit also . now the banana holder is hook made of steel and wood and the hammock is made of cotton . I would think the hammock is more practic do n't you ? you got ta keep them safe so they do n't go soft or bruis . I realli think thi banana hammock idea is better for a bunch of banana on my tabl than that steel hook holder thingi anyday . now the origin banana hammock that hold the other kind of fruit well let admit it that the best fruit there is . yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh . : ) I am gon na tri to put up alton brown websit on thi blog . I think he is a trip and I like hi show . If you visit hi websit I post , go to hi rant and rave page and see hi post date march ohh someth or other I forget . ohhh damn ! ! I am old expect thi from time to time . well ... he ha some martha stewart comment that had me rollin on the floor . 
roll over the titl 'noth accomplish today ' ha the link on what I did today . wow I need to do more than that . I know I can do a better job than that . just me 
I want to get back into the swing of thing on my day off . It is a monday and I am home alon to get some of my onlin and graphic work done . No such luck . I put a link up at the top here to see if what I made will show up thi way . I put it in the code of thi templat but you should see a littl red x. I am still tri to fix that . I have had creativ block for about two week now and I get veri frustrat . I have about three project go at onc and soon the kid will be off from school and home all day . No time for me to get my work done . but my block wa broken when I decid to creat thi siggi for thi blog . So the good news is I got past my block but I can not show it . Oh well , I will rectifi thi soon . anoth thing my hair is all cut off . yep about 5 inch of it . It ha been year sinc I have had short hair . I said ye caus it wa get so thin . It look and feel great now . long hair doe n't alway make you look younger . It ha to feel good to make you feel younger . last week wa my youngest son concert with the band at hi school . now I tri not to miss thi everi year thi is so fun to go to . the music depart they have at hi school is excel . all of the teacher are fantast . all of the children were wonder . It wa a pack auditorium . We do n't care about the heat it is our children up there . *big smiles* I will describ the close sing act for the night . It wa the entir 5th grade class and they did a medley of the beach boy . He had them do quick costum chang like beach hat and big sunglass . they just do n't sing he make them act it out . which is so delight it leav a permin smile on your face . when they got to `` In my room '' they did anoth costum chang put on thier robe and hug stuf anim . It wa a hoot . the best entertain I have seen all year . great job kid ! My son play trumpet and ha improv greatli thi year . I wonder if it is just me caus I am the proud mom but no hi teacher told me too . He want to see him back in band with hi trumpet next year . He also want to tutor him thi summer to keep it up . My son wa so happi to hear thi he beg me `` can I pleas mom ? '' . My son also got accept into a sing group thi summer he tri to get into last summer . My youngest is 10 and love music . A great place to put hi energi . I realli feel the sing class thi summer will help with some of hi shyness . I also turn on my girlfriend to thi bloggi idea and she ha sinc sign up . her and I call each other si caus we feel like famili . I will post her link . warm smile 
again I am rush for time . I have about 5 minut befor I leav for work . you know how mani time in the last week I have open thi blog plan on write onli to close it . thi is my situat . My comput sit in an open room in the front live room . I wish I had a privat room for an offic with a door and a lock on it . the kid buzz around me like littl gnat annoy me . then thi holiday weekend famili just drop over so no way will I get anyth done . I like to write while I am do laundri or if I am do a quick dinner . I also have kid who have school work . their comput doe n't have a printer on it . mine is crappi anyway . I will buy a new one soon but they will get my crappi one on their comput . hahaha lol It serv a purpos for their school work . I have not hook up the internet for them and I do n't think I will for a long time . I basic control thi comput caus I have cabl hook up which mean instant internet . I keep a close eye on them now . especi the 12 year old who think he is 25 . ohhh that boy is in for a rude awaken . hahaha I am still dread when they are off for the summer . My comput time that is . I have to do graphic and I need concentr . and some of the nuditi I deal with I have to do that at night when they are asleep . I have my drive partion and password protect . I am also start to store my stuff on line in a place that is privat . Ok now I have to go and I do n't want to go to work today . I need a rest from thi holiday weekend . *wave like a nut to my friends* I probabl spell someth wrong but I am in a rush . *shrugs* 'the stori OF MY life ' 
today I have one of my day off from work and home alon . I decid to get seriou about me and my futur . for all who read thi pleas understand ... that my futur alway includ my children . but I have to make me healti insid and out . I know I can do thi with my children live with me through it all . I honestli feel that if I am healthi then my children will be . I tend to make these list for myself to accomplish some of my goal and mayb one or two thing on that list get done . current , some of those thing on that list need some real attent and I keep get scari sign that I can not ignor anymor . I am not happi with the way I am live my life or my health . the fenc that I am on is get to be a real bitch to balanc anymor . It is a fals sens of balanc . I do not reccomend thi for anyon to live by . but in order for me to chang and get off the fenc I have to start with one step at a time . It 's gon na be slow but I will do it . first let tackl my health . I woke up and sat down infront of my comput and I saw thi thing I left as a remind for myself to do . It is a remind from my health insur to have a mammogram done . I am 41 and have not had thi done yet . I know how wrong thi is but I am scare . I hear other women say how pain it is and I freez . the thing that chang my mind today is a covers I had with one of my custom thi weekend . she is a cancer survivor and her cancer wa found earli from her mammogram . she told me ... '' I put mine off too even though I knew cancer wa in my famili , I wise up just in enough time to have a new life that I am thank for everi day . '' life is defin more import than be scare . So I made my appoint today for next week . ( the earliest appoint I could get ) thi is one step closer of feel proud of me today . the next step . whi am I blow off thing like thi that are so import to my life . I do know the answer to thi one . depress ! pressur ! stress ! I need to dig deep insid me and pull out what is stop me from move forward with my life . for exampl not get my resum done . Oh I type one a million time but I destroy them . I see myself on paper and automat put myself down . 'who gon na hire me . too mani hole in my employ . ' I have ask for help from some famili and friend with my resum but they can onli help so much . I am the one who ha to do it not them . I cri alot more than I admit to anyon . I hide alot of feel . onli a few peopl in my life know how I realli feel . onli one of them live close to me . My person life with relationship is horribl for me right now . I realli can not talk about it on here . So the step I made toward thi today is I call a psycholog center today to find a good therapist . I am wait for a phone call back to make an appoint . I need to be fix . I need help . I give up ! thi is too much for me to handl alon . third step . temporari thing help me cope like purg . I have been clean out thi hous throw so mani thing out that should have been thrown out a long time ago . I have a rule if it ha n't been use , play with , doe n't fit , is broken , or is ugli it goe out the door . I find we accumul alot of junk . I have to give some credit to some of those TV show that are clean out hous . they have inspir me to clean out and get organ . It feel good to actual find a room that you can enjoy when all the junk ha been thrown out . veri cathart ! So today I would say is a three step proud day for me . 
well for starter I did go for my mammogram and got my result back . they did n't find anyth . that is a big relief . now my thought on the process well ... it realli wa n't that bad . the pain wa minim . the place wa a newli built special women 's center and they treat you nice . I think they know how tens we are when we get there . they did a lot to make you feel so comfort . the technician I had wa veri sweet and profession . she did comment on the cut I had on my arm from work . her comment wa `` how did you get that it look like it hurt ? '' well at my work I do some heavi physic work and use a box cutter . I never get cut with thi thing it is usual the box that cut me . It hurt a lot and deep too . actual thi cut wa not as bad as the other one I have had . she told me it is probabl becaus my skin is so fair the cut look so pink . well that is me I am whiter than white bread . I do n't tan anymor . I either burn or get freckl . I work too much to get to the beach in the summer as often as I would like . I love the shore . I could be on the beach everyday and never get bore . that remind me I need to buy new kite thi year . the boy and I love fli them . So if I buy them then it will forc me to make some day trip down the shore . the conveni of have the beach onli an hour away is great . one of my goal in life is to have a place to live down there and stay all year round . ahh , just to relax and hear the ocean everyday would be great . My appoint with my new therapist is in about two week . I am realli look forward to it . If I am purg the hous I need to purg me too . I need to get out of my rut and move on with life . I have push myself to do more siggi . I am find my own way anymor . I start a tutori and end up do my own thing anyway . I am also branch out get other kid of idea to make for banner and background . the new stuff I am learn with brush techniqu is fascin me . I have learn how to make my own custom brush out of anyth . My imagin is endless . I have even been think of a new banner to do for a friend websit . I am go to use origin materi too like great natur shot I have from hi digit camera . well , actual he ha challeng me to do it . He ha no idea what he start in my brain with thi one . lol I just got some great filter to make stuff look like realist glass and metal textur . So I am have a parti in my head right now . : P I have been go back and forth between both program psp and photoshop . psp ha been more versatil for me . I just had to do maintenc on a webpag I did earlier thi year . I am happi when the client is happi . the hard part for me is the price . I do it as I go along . I can have flat fee for thing but when someon want mainten that get into gray area . If they want a new face lift for the site then well that is more than mainten . the client doe n't know how much goe into it . It is so hard to explain to them . also when the client mess with the page too well you have to keep some opinion to yourself . you have to disconnect from it and let the emot go from all the work you put into it . ohhh here is the urllink web page . I just redid the sound clip and other thing . I have a coupl of siggi to do tonight . I also think I will post some of my current work on my person web space and link it in here . I have to go there and transfer file yadda yadda yadda . next I will do a blog about my part-tim , retail circu lovin , depend pay , job . hahaha keep it wet peopl . *big kisses* 
