the traffic thi morn wa realli heavi , presum becaus of the tube strike , and I end up turn around and find an altern rout to work . there wa a piec on the TV thi morn ask whether tube staff should have the right to strike or not . person , I feel that the right to strike , given suffici grievanc , is an import one and I would n't want it taken away from these peopl , but I do wonder whether their action is fulli justifi in thi instanc . As far as I 'm awar , they 're well paid for what they do and their disput seem a trifl petti . Of cours , I 'm not directli involv and thu I 'm not in possess of all the fact but that 's my opinion base on what I do know . 
not much to see here today , but if you 're in the mood for a realli great web comic , allow me to recommend that you give urllink penni arcad a tri . It 's been around for age but it 's still dead funni and , if you have the time , a troll through the archiv is bound to turn up someth that 'll put a smile on your face . 
I took a trip on the bike to urllink kentwel hall yesterday . they had around 250 peopl dress in tudor costum and demonstr all manner of thing , from bakeri to blacksmith . the coolest thing of all wa the camera obscura , a room with a len in one wall , project an imag of the world outsid onto the opposit wall . sinc the weather wa so nice I did n't bother to take my waterproof with me , so natur the heaven open on the way home and I got soak . still , at least it happen on the way home rather than on the way out , so I wa abl to simpli get chang and relax in front of the TV onc my journey wa over . 
I 'm one of the few peopl who are actual glad that the england team have been knock out of the euro 2004 championship . perhap now we can end the hysteria and get back to some semblanc of normal . what is the matter with peopl ? you 'd think from the reaction of some folk that someon had die . Ah , but wait - we can all just transfer our dream of sport glori to the sod wimbledon tenni championship . and then there 'll be the olymp . Oh joy . 
while a part of me realli admir the guy who 's just urllink set a new record of 100 hour for the 5,632 mile trip from alaska to florida , anoth part of me wonder if he is n't just a tad insan . especi bear in mind that shortli after he 'd start out he wa forc off the road , break not just variou bit of the bike but also of himself . I 'd have given up at that point , I think , but then I probabl would n't have taken on thi kind of lunaci in the first place . I admit it , I 'm a ( rel ) wimp . 
yesterday I sympathis with cyclist but today I wit a display of fuckwitteri which caus me to reconsid my feel . I saw someon cycl in the road , right next to a bloodi cycl path , with both hand off the handlebar and hold a mobil phone to hi ear , while a van tri desper to get past him . I 've been tri to find a suitabl word to describ thi particular idiot but I ca n't think of anyth strong enough . 
the weather that 's typic of the season ha reassert itself . In other word , the sky are grey and the rain 's pour down . I spot a number of fairli miserable-look cyclist thi morn , one of whom , clad onli in a t-shirt and short , look particularli unhappi . It made me veri glad that I wa kit up in a full set of waterproof . I manag to feel somewhat superior when I arriv at work to see peopl make a dash from their car to the build and get throughli soak while I stroll casual along , remain complet dri . well there have to be some advantag to ride a motorbik on a day like today . 
for the moment at least I 've gone back to use urllink blogger . I 'm even use one of their standard templat for now ( shock , I know ! ) until I get a chanc to design someth of my own . I have no idea how long it 'll take but do n't hold your breath ... 
not much in the way of post thi week , I 'm afraid , as I 'm on holiday and too busi enjoy myself to want to spend time write about it all . I will say that I went to see spiderman 2 the other day and I agre with the critic that it 's much better than the first one . anyway , thing 'll probabl be back to normal next week . 
yesterday I saw quit possibl the most tasteless thing ever so , natur , I thought I 'd share it with you . proudli display in the window of a funer director 's shop wa a blindingli white coffin with the cross of st. georg on all face and the england footbal team 's badg in the middl of the lid . the sad thing is that there are mani peopl who 'd think thi is the coolest thing ever and would love to be buri in it . terrifi . truli terrifi . 
last night I went out with some of my colleagu , who can best be describ as a finely-hon drink machin . To say that I wa drunk would be a bit of an understat - I wa absolut legless . So much so that when I went to the toilet the staff would n't allow me back in the bar . I 'm not entir sure how I manag to make it home . I rememb do it but it still seem like a miracl that I did n't end up in glasgow or somewher . If noth els , it serv as a veri good remind of whi it 's not a good idea to drink a lot on an empti stomach . I wo n't say 'never again ' , but I suspect that it 'll be a while . 
I 'm stagger that anyon can still think like urllink godfrey bloom seem to . He may claim to be in favour of `` men 's right '' but he certainli doe n't speak for me . I will admit to have enjoy the occasion sexist joke , both at the expens of women and of men , but thi guy doe n't appear to be joke and that 's unaccept as far as I 'm concern . I just do n't have the word to express my outrag that someon like mr. bloom should hold a posit of author . 
I spent the weekend in urllink bristol , firstli at urllink ashton court festiv and then just wander around with friend . I have to say that the urllink cathedr is truli impress , particularli the chapter hous . I could have spent a long time just sit in there , soak up the atmospher or , if there had been nobodi els about , sing a few song and enjoy the fantast acoust . I wa pretti exhaust by the time I got home , and essenti just collaps in an untidi heap , but it wa well worth it . 
accord to the bbc , there 's go to be a urllink shake up of the rail system . now , while I welcom anyth that stand a chanc of improv rail travel in thi countri , I 'm not convinc that thi is go to help . If I had my way , I 'd renationalis the entir rail network . It 's a public servic and should be publicli own and run and , while it should be run as effici as possibl , it should n't be expect to make a profit . If by some miracl it manag to do so , all the money should be invest in the rail system , not paid to sharehold and top execut . I guess I 've nail my polit colour firmli to the mast with that littl speech , but that 's fine with me . I firmli believ in the freedom of the individu but I also firmli believ that the state should be respons for infrastructur and public servic . busi have their role , but they should n't be allow to run the countri . 
I keep eye up the cycl path by the road as I travel to and from work . My plan , when I can afford it , is to buy a cheap bicycl and use it to get to and from the offic . mayb not everi day but certainli quit often . It 's onli seven mile , which is short enough to be practic but long enough to do me some good , as well as help out both the environ and my wallet . It 's been mani year sinc I last own a bike but , as they say , you never forget how to ride one . 
My good friend john got into an argument recent which led to him declar that he 'd spend a weekend live as a homeless person . He 's just email me with hi report , which I reproduc here in full . I am now freshli scrub and wash but still feel a bit grimi . No ... .. perhap 'depress would be a better word . I left home at about three o'clock on friday in 'suitabl ' cloth and start to walk up toward the west end . I took the opportun to acclimatis myself to what wa come and start to approach total stranger and ask if they had ani spare chang . now I am not tri to stereotyp anyon here but I wa given more by work class youngster than anyon els . I got into a bit of a row in can town with a street type who accus me of poach on hi pitch and he gave me a clump and shove me along . I reach the embank at about eight thirti and sat down on a bench for a much need rest . the view across the river wa nice and peac and I suppos that I must have doze off for a bit becaus some young copper wa poke me in the rib and say `` On your way , grandad '' ... fuck cheek ! I wander up along the strand and into aldwych befor I went into a mcdonald to spend what I had beg on a burger and a coffe . As they were serv me one of these tosser behind the counter had the nerv to say that it would definit be a takeaway . they even ask to see my money befor they ask what I want . I found a small bench in kingsway and sat down to eat and I wa soon join by a young lad in hi twenti who ask if I wa in a share mood . We were eat and talk to each other . I explain that I wa a bit new to it all and that it wa my first night . I had some elabor stori prepar but he just accept me at face valu and ask what sort of a day I had experienc and how much I had earn . hi name wa 'jay ' and he ha been live rough sinc he wa thirteen ( he wa about nineteen or twenti now ... . he could n't rememb ) . We sat there ask passer by but were mostli ignor so we went back toward the strand as the theatr were kick out . thi time we were more fortun and amass about fifteen quid . I think that what upset me the most wa that peopl would simpli do what I normal did and were total oblivi to us . As far as they were concern we simpli did not exist . see it all now from a differ perspect I realis how wrong my attitud wa . We went to the back of the strand palac hotel and earn a coffe and a coupl of sandwich by clear up the rubbish and they agre to turn a blind eye if we want to sleep by the rubbish bin as long as we were gone earli . We settl down out of the rain and carri on talk . As if it were n't bad enough to have to live like thi these kid have to put up with nocturn gang who like to beat them up and take their earn along with anyth els that they fanci . I wa told to avoid 'citi type ' when the pub were kick out as they like noth more than to beat up on beggar and to even tri and set them on fire if the mood took them . It seem that the girl had it wors as they were often assault as a matter of cours without ani retribut . We agre to sleep in shift so one of us could keep our eye open for ani troubl . At about two in the morn we were join by a young girl of about eighteen who wa in a bit of a state . she had been with her mate who had been drag into a car by some asian guy . when I ask whi she had n't gone to the polic they look at me as if I had come from anoth planet . It seem that the polic simpli are n't interest in street go 's on unless they are have a 'clean up the street ' initi . she wa wait for the drop-in centr to open on saturday morn so that she could tell someon there . here I wa sit with the two of them who were younger than my own kid and listen to them explain the fact of life to me . A life that I have to say that I found total incredul and so veri alien to everyth that I believ about how human be treat one anoth . I felt myself start to cri for them and their wast live . they felt that no one on earth care about them and the most surpris thing wa that they were probabl right about it all . never have I miss my own famili so much . the secur guard came out at about half past five and ask us to piss off becaus the guest were start to wake up . We walk down to the drop in centr just off tottenham court road and wait for it to open so that the girl could go in there ( I never even found out her name ) . It open at about seven and we went in for a hot drink whilst she said what had happen to her friend . I spoke to the guy who wa work there and explain that thi wa all a bit new to me and in the next hour I found out about thing that are far too outrag to repeat here or anywher els for that matter . saturday wa a repeat of the previou even . jay like to stay around the strand-aldwych-char cross area as he felt safer there and knew all of the best place to catch tourist and hide from those who would do him harm for a spot of fun . He also knew which coffe shop would part with a drink and a sandwich for some work . I came home thi morn after walk back through the night . I had left jay sleep at the back of the strand palac . how can these kid cope with the sheer unadulter miseri of it all ? their live and potenti were simpli be total wast for the want of a decent system of cope with them . there are some volunt who do a spank job here but - whi should it be left up to volunt ? after bath and shave I shove some cloth and a decent flask into the car and went back up to find jay but I just could n't see him anywher . I gave it all to someon els who look like he need it . I tri to give it to a young girl who just back away from me as though I wa an alien . now , I have been a bit econom with my descript of it all as I just do n't have a vocabulari that is adequ enough to do it all justic . instead I would simpli ask two thing of all of you ... ... .. firstli , pleas do n't just pass a beggar by . secondli , no matter what happen within your own famili , do whatev you can to make sure that your own kid never end up like thi . I have had the kid round to lunch today and I just wept when they came in and I held onto them for the longest time . I would n't let go of elizabeth louis for about a coupl of hour . In the end I think that I wa scare them so I told them about my weekend and what I had seen and heard . I wa amaz to hear that my daughter doe voluntari work for a homeless shelter in maidston as she had never mention it befor . our young peopl are the legaci that we leav for the futur so let 's all do what we can to make sure that there futur are as happi and as safe as we can make them . normal I tri to end these rambl on a happi note or some smart quip - I just ca n't find it in me to do that at the moment . john I can add noth to thi . 
over the weekend I wit a coupl of guy retriev pizza from the rubbish bin behind a pizza restaur . I most sincer hope that they were n't intend to eat them ( although I 'm not sure what els you 'd do with a pizza ) becaus I 'd not long seen a larg rat near those veri bin . It make me shudder just to think of all the nasti they might contract . 
I 'm current read a book by a guy name tim moor call urllink french revolut , which is all about hi attempt to cycl the rout of the tour de franc despit be total unfit and know veri littl about cycl . It 's one of those book that make me wish that I wa a writer - clever , charm and veri , veri funni . I 'd recommend it to anyon who like a good travel book or , inde , a good laugh . 
urllink new religi hate law plan . while I have some concern over protect peopl 's right to make reason joke or to debat and criticis , on the whole thi is probabl a good thing . It doe seem to me , though , that it would be far simpler , rather than have separ law to deal with racial and religi hatr , to simpli make it an offenc to deliber incit hatr against ani individu or group . thi would need to be word appropri , so that freedom of speech wa maintain , of cours , but that 's alway the case with thi kind of law . A proper debat and a bit of common sens should see to that , although I suspect that may be beyond the present govern . 
I work for a compani that pay me way less than the go rate for what I do and then spend sever thousand pound on a piec of softwar I could have written for them . Is it just me or doe that seem particularli idiot ? 
accord to urllink yahoo , ken livingston is have talk with berni eccleston over the possibl of a london formula 1 grand prix , to be held , monaco-styl , on the citi 's street . I 'm not convinc that a suitabl rout could be found as most of london 's street are way too narrow but if it could be done I 'd be veri happi inde . If we ca n't manag formula 1 , perhap we should aim at motogp . see motorbik speed through the street at 200 mph would certainli be spectacular , although I suspect it 'd never be allow . probabl just as well . 
I 've just been watch the french formula 1 grand prix and , although it wa won by michael schumach , it wa still a surprisingli good race . F1 ha been veri dull of late , with schumach win virtual everi time , admittedli in part becaus he 's a superb driver , and it would be veri nice to see somebodi els on the top of the podium instead . mayb the british grand prix will offer up some surpris . 
yesterday I did someth that I should have done a veri long time ago . I join a trade union . I 've alway believ that it 's a good thing for work peopl to belong to a union , even if their employ is wonder benevol and pay well over the odd . It help to ensur that they remain that way , and give the rest of us who work for more or less averag employ some protect from their worst excess , as well as access to use resourc regard matter of health and safeti , employ law etc . So , the next stage of my task is to persuad a good number of my colleagu to join as well . even if they do n't , I still feel that union membership will be benefici for me , but if they do it 'll give us some clout when it come to negoti with the compani . that 's the theori , anyway . 
As I wa ride my bike over a flyover thi morn , I look to my left and saw the most wonder sight - a larg vee format of canada gees fli parallel with the road , at the same height and speed as me . It put me in mind of one of those bbc wildlif documentari where they film bird that have been train to follow a truck , so that their forward motion is remov from the pictur and you can see how the bird ' bodi move as they flap their wing . incident , as a small child I discov that if you feed plain chocol to canada gees it goe straight through them . what a delight kid I wa n't . 
consid the urllink appal behaviour of the compani , I 've decid that I wo n't buy ani penguin book until they do the decent thing and I urg you to do the same . I 'm flabbergast at the appal disregard for the right of a privat individu shown by thi massiv compani and I hope they get what they deserv . 
resurfac road is , on the whole , a good thing . the problem that I have with it , howev , is that the new surfac is almost invari higher than the old one but the manhol cover are at the same level . thi lead to what are , effect , larg and often quit deep hole in the road which at best are uncomfort to ride over and at worst can caus accid , either by caus motorcyclist to fall off or by caus them to swerv around them . the problem appear to be becom veri widespread ; almost the entir rout to work ( about seven mile ) is full of these wretch thing . I should write to the local council and complain , and mayb I will . 
As part of my holiday I went to the urllink cambridg folk festiv . the sun shone , the beer wa good and the music wa , quit simpli , superb . highlight includ tom robinson ( he of 1970 ' 2-4-6-8 motorway ' and 'glad to be gay ' fame ) who wa fantast and had everyon jump around and sing along . I manag to get myself nice sunburnt but I came home veri happi inde . what more could you ask from a holiday ? 
