payday It 's payday , yea ! ! ! ! . happi happi joy joy , happi happi joy joy , ye it is payday , and even after I pay the 2 bill I have I will still have a substanti amount leftov to spend , heheheh . well I got ta go Ta Ta for now 
robbi william I 'm liten to the new urllink robbi william cd urllink escapolog and it is realli good , great vocal and music , I would recommend it to anyon who like robbi william . 
morn all I download a new tool call urllink w.bloggar v3.00 and it is a realli cool tool to use , it let you edit all your post local and then you can upload them to blogger 
for a littl fun , head on over to urllink emod , they have all kind of test , fun one and seriou one . Ta Ta for now 
game well it seem rockstar game is give away grand theft auto for the pc all you have to do is go to the websit and sign up , they give you a link and then it your , onli slight problem is the size of the game , it is a 330 meg download , so all you 56ker out there , better find your geek friend with a cabl modem to get it for you . urllink http : //www.rockstargames.com/classics/ 
well.. As usual I am at work do someth els other than work , I am work on my blog , thi will be my home from now on and I might just mirror thi onto the other site I use , I do n't know yet , I still want to keep it around . Ta Ta for now 
test 1 2 3 
heheh well I think I will now start blog here , I wa use anoth site , but it lack some featur , mainli the featur to edit my blog templat which wa the biggest for me . 
thi is a test 
good morn ! well I have 3 websit for ya if you want to find someth funni or sometim gross on the web 1 ) urllink madvil 2 ) urllink zug 3 ) urllink fark these are all great site to visit and to laugh your ass off . Ta Ta for now 
time for a chang 
wow I have n't post all weekend , well it is becuas I usual do not get on the 'puter for veri long on the weekend is whi , I mostli tri to live in the flesh and blood world , not the cyberworld , but soon they will be merg and be one in the same , hope within the next 10 year or so . No link right now , mayb later after I get home . Ta Ta for now 
Hi thing are work weird , well mayb it 's just me , let find out , sooo away weeee go.. 
test 
thi is a test . 
test 
test thi is a test . 
hi there , been awhil I know , but it happen . I got a new car , it is a 1992 cadillac El dorado , thi car is sooooo sweet , my grnadmoth own it befor me and kept it in perfect condit , she had everth done by the dealer she bought it from . I will also be move soon to a much better place , it might even be a littl closer to my hous , I 'll let ya know after I move there . I had a littl medic scare oh last week or so , I had been suffer from thi headach , and I thought , well it felt like the headach I would get when my blood pressur wa realli high , and I had been go through a lot of that late , so I made an appoint , and the doctor said my blood pressur wa undr control , but he did give me some pain pill for my headach , he also had me get some blood drawn and x-ray of my chest , he is also talk about get a ct scan of my head , but my insur compani need to approv it first . got ta get back to work , later 
well I am tri out an onlin game , it is star war galaxi . now thi seem like a pretti sweet game , much better than sim , and everquest in my opinion , well it at least scienc fiction whic is much better than fantasi . the charact creation is pretti nice , not everyon ha to be beauti , you can be a gross fat overweight look thing with tattoo and horn all over your head , or be hairi all over , ye you can be a wooki , have n't tri thi out for a charact . 
well I got the result of the ct scan of my chest . It wa neg , they then went over the x-ray and decid it wa a shadow . what a bunch of freak moron , they scare the crud out of me for 2 week , I wa think the worst , ohh great I have cancer , sheesh . dave 
