urllink `` the begin part one '' air last night on urllink cartoon network in the urllink toonami block . wa it an improv on the origin , well I ca n't say ani thing about the plot yet becaus it ha n't gone ani where yet . the anim is a huge improv use the style first made popular by urllink batman : the anim seri and most recent in urllink justic leagu . still with the improv to the anim the is much lack in thi recent remak . fan of the seri have grown up and are readi for ah well shall I say a much darker eternia . On the other hand the voic act while not as horrid as the origin seri is still a disgrac to the he-man franchis . I still love the fact that urllink cartoon network ha brought back urllink the master of the univers given all it 's short come I still give it a 4 out of 5 
I 've finali finnish lord tenchi 's blog after two weekend of work . check out the board for the latest on my gnomedex video and photo album link . I should have david and leo 's rendis of `` you Do n't bring Me flower , anymor '' up in the next few day . 
Ca n't find that perfect card tri urllink cynic greet card ! send 'em to those you love , those you hate , and those you love to hate ! urllink 
So you thought you were to good for poke'mon . how fast we forget that you collect the same thing as a kid the onli differ wa your onli came in one color , pink . that wa until they came out with the color version . that right m.u.s.c.l.e. million of unusu small creatur lurk everywher . I stumbl across thi site tonight while wander the net urllink m.u.s.c.l. . revisit . they 've got all 233 figur in detail . onli a few of mine surviv move around the countri as a kid . who know with the popular of bring back 80 's toy mayb these will be the next we 'll see on the store self . name : dinki data dooki number : 138 descript : here 's a cheeri littl fella . dinki data dooki love it when oppon tri to punch him on the chest , becaus it just make the keyboard type letter on hi face . then the oppon is distract by what letter appear on dinki 's face , and that 's when they 're most vulner . dinki also love to do `` the dinki danc '' , which wa a move that michael jackson later stole from him and renam `` the moonwalk '' . dinki hate michael jackson for that . 
Do n't you hate it when you lock your key in your car ? I do . saturday morn lock my key in my explor . I tri to unlock it , I made my own slimjim wedg the door from the window and final had the lock move when the window shatter . talk about suck . 
urllink 
I 've tri mozilla on an off now for the last year and it done ok but , it 's nowher close to i.e . 6. page still do n't render correctli it load extrem slow , custom wa limit at best and , worst of all some dumb ass decid that I don ' need a home button . but there may be hope after all that some day there may be anoth browser that can co-exist with internet explor . A browser that load just as fast , ha customiz tool bar , and doe n't come bloat with all sort of extra like chat , e-mail and , oh yeah sign up for aol now ! what is thi browser you may ask opera , no . netscap , no . mozilla , well kinda . it form the mozilla org project and use the mozilla code , just allot less of it . now I know it 's not a replac for i.e . but hey it 's a start . urllink phoenix 0.1 
tonight , well I guess it would be yesterday now . My room mate meat thi girl from out of town and she agre to set him up with friend so I got stuck with the other girl he meet . I had no intent of enjoy the night after meet thi girl the week befor when chad , my room mate brought her home just smash of some cheap ass vodka , you know the kind that come in the plastic bottl and the plane label . well while she wa here he told her he 'd set me up with her if he got her a date and that 's not even the worst of it . everi day for the last week she 's been hound me on instant messeng , witch I can ' stand to begin with . I tri to be rood to her so she 'd go away with out ignor her complet bu I guess she never got the hint . So anyway they come over friday after I get home from work and we go up to chucki chees and eat and I run in to one of the guy I work with so the trip wa n't a complet waist , not to mention the fact that I avoid her most of the night . later when we got back to my place chad thought it would be a good if we play a drink game . boy , wa he ever wrong ! first of all the girl he wa with spent the whole night suck on the same bottl of mike 's hard lemonad . and , second the girl that I got stuck with get just plaster drink mix drink and decid to start hang on me . final both of us had enough and manag to get out of the hous and hid around back of the hous . after about fifteen minuet of thi , not to mention pull the breaker to the hous they came out side look for us and we were abl to get back insid the hous and ran to the basement grab the door knob , which had fallen off a few week earlier and lock our selv in . there the two of us spent the next half hour argu though the door . final the girl that my room mate wa with had one of her friend came and pick her up . umfortunatli the other one wa suck behind . onc everi thing had calm down I though all her stuff of my room and tie the door shut . with noth els to do stuck in my room I turn on cartoon network and start to blog . PS happi birthday urllink chri . how cool is that to share your birthday with googl . 
It 's 2 a.m. and I just got back from oktoberfest and let me say tonight went far better than last night . oktoberfest is kind of a big thing here in La cross . It 's a week long celebr that start on with the mapl leaf parad and end the next weekend with the torch light parad . My old roommat from colleg show up saturday and a few friend of mine met down at the south side fest ground at about 6 . We promptli found our way to the beer garden and got a few pitcher of some fine wisconsin beer and one of my favorit urllink leinenkugel 's . even though the ten dollar per pitcher wa quit steep , and that 's ten dollar american if ani canadian 's happen to be read thi , they did have a fine german polka band where I learn that the proper german beer toast or `` rrroast '' is not pronounc ziggi sacki witch wa so basterdis by the man show , but diggi sacki , pardon my spell . after about five pitcher we made our way though the rain to the bar downtown were I ran into a friend from work in the line at brother so he join our parti for bar hop . overal I 'd say the night wa quit the hoot ! 
urllink ever onc in a while you come across someth on the net that ' just damn funni . actual I found thi a few month ago but for some reason one of those appl ad made me think of it again . 
urllink I got my new digit camera friday and man doe it take some sweet ass pictur . It is far better than ani of the other digit camera I 've had in the past l. sure it mayb it 's becaus it 's the first one that I 've actuali spent ani substanti amount of money on . I first had a chanc to use one at gnomedex II last august where I got a chanc to use richard woo 's canon powershot s200 digit elph . I had been watch the price on amozon for a while now and after a $ 100 price drop in the last two month I figur it wa time to buy my own . 
man I hate the klez viru . for the last few week I 've been get hammer by some moron infect by the klez.h viru . for the last week or so I 've been tri to track the bastard down . I figur in coupl of day I should have their entir address book . tonight they manag to slip trough my finger but I have a much better lead on who it is . It 's actual the first time mail server error with their IP three minut after it wa sent , so I quick telnet into my modem bank and did a show all conn but by that time they were alreadi log off . son of a ... . ! 
mayb it 's to earli to wright about to night but I might as well tri while I still rememb some of it . where should I start , while I guess first we met up with room mate x-girlfriend , who ha put on at least a hundr pound . and we went downtown La cross bar war hop . My guess is to run in to our friend bachelorett parti ? well that never happen . we hung out downtown at the `` librari '' , ye it 's a bar and start drink there . after a few minut a few a my friend from.. got to go check the pizza . Ok so where wa I , oh ye I ran in to some of my friend from high school which wa pretti cool . We hung out for the the rest of the night aboot four hour when after my room mate had left us we left us we went down the street to some bar that I had n't been to befor , thi is where a perfectli good night goe to hell . well we walk in the bar and their play the theme to smokey and the bandit , ok see I probabl like that movi better than most peopl . eat pizza . So ani way as so as they start play the next song I knew where I wa and complet flip out . where wa I you ask ye that 's wright the worst place one can imagin a counti bar . noth wors than listen to hey seed music man can that crap fuck up a good night . 
Ok here 's the urllink photo form last month parti I hope your happi . 
I 'm still here even though I bolg in a while . I guess it becaus I 've been buissi late but more like it the fact that I 'm just lazi . 
last week I bought battl field 1942 and man doe that game rock . but , their alway some asshol that 's got to be screw around shoot their own plane when they appear on the runway or throw dynamit on the ground and deton it to see how far they can launch them self up in the air . and if I ever find out who default_player_nam is I swear I 'm go to kick your ass ! ! ! 
I 'm not sure what got into my cat thi morn but think he wa tri to take a crap but he could n't . when I herd him start cri it must have been about 5 a.m. and I got up to see what wa the matter . I found him run circl around the hous and then sit in the litter box then go run around the hous again thi must have went on for about 15 minut befor he finali got the damn thing out . 
last week I score a ticket to the packer falcon game in green bay . I left with my co-work jason saterday morn at eight o'clock for the four hour drive across the state . after check in to our hotel room and stope to eat lunch we got to the stadium around one . when we ariv we still had about six hour befor game time and after a quick stop at the packer pro shop to pick up two cheader head for the game we head over to the stadium view to have a few beer or to be more accur alot of beer . urllink photo 
I found thi over on urllink thi modern world , appar it 's the latest in jpop . 
It 's a beauti day in thi neighborhood , A beauti day for a neighbor . would you be mine ? could you be mine ? ... It 's a neighborli day in thi beauti wood , A neighborli day for a beauti . would you be mine ? could you be mine ? ... I 've alway want to have a neighbor just like you . I 've alway want to live in a neighborhood with you . So , let 's make the most of thi beauti day . sinc we 're togeth we might as well say : would you be mine ? could you be mine ? Wo n't you be my neighbor ? Wo n't you pleas , Wo n't you pleas ? pleas wo n't you be my neighbor ? fred mcfeeli roger ( 1928-2003 ) 
tonight the anti-drug ad link drug to terrorist and I do n't understand whi . I thought that the last time they did thi after the 9-11 incid they got all sort of crap about the fals ad . and what 's even more confus is that the 9-11 attack were mostli fund by the diamond trade would n't that make everi one that bought a piec of jewelri terrorist . 
1 . you 've ever end a sentenc with the word `` psych '' . 2 . you watch the pound puppi . 3 . you can sing the rap to the `` fresh princ of bel air '' 4 . you wore biker short under your skirt and felt stylish . 5 . you yearn to be a member of the baby-sitt club and tire to start a club of your own . 6 . you own those lil strawberri shortcak scent doll . 7 . you know that `` whoa '' come from joey on blossom . 8 . two word : m.c . hammer 9 . If you ever watch `` fraggl rock '' . 10 . you had a banana seat bike . 11 . you can sing the entir theme song to `` duck tale '' . 12 . when it wa actual worth get up earli on a saturday to watch cartoon . 13 . you wore a poni tail on the side of your head . 14 . you saw the origin `` teenag mutant ninja turtl '' on the big screen . 15 . you got super-excit when it wa oregon trail day in comput class at school . 16 . you made your mom buy one of those clip that would hold your shirt in a knot on the side . 17 . you play the game `` mash '' ( mansion , apart , shelter , hous ) with friend at school . 18 . you wore jordach jean jacket and you were proud of it . 19 . l.a. gear ... .. 20 . you want to chang your name to `` jem '' in kindergarten . 21 . you rememb read `` tale of a fourth grade noth '' and all the ramona book . 22 . you know the profound mean of `` wax ON , wax off '' 23 . you want to be a gooni . 24 . you ever wore fluoresc cloth . 25 . you can rememb what michael jackson look like befor hi nose fell off . 26 . you have ever ponder whi smurfett wa the onli femal smurf . 27 . you took lunch pale to school . 28 . you rememb the craze , then the ban of slap bracelet . 29 . you still get the urg to say `` not '' after everi sentenc . 30 . you rememb hyper color t-shirt . 31 . barbi and the rocker wa your favorit band . 32 . you thought she-ra and he-man should hook up . 33 . you thought your childhood friend would never leav becaus you exchang friendship bracelet . 34 . you ever own a pair of jelly-sho . 35 . after you saw peewe 's big adventur you kept say `` I know you are , but what am I ? '' 36 . you rememb `` I 've fallen and I ca n't get up '' 37 . you rememb go to the skate rink befor there were in line skate . 38 . you ever got serious injur on a slip and slide . 39 . you have ever play with a skip-it . 40 . you had or attend a birthday parti at mcdonald 's . 41 . you 've gone through thi list occasion say `` thi wa n't from the 80 's ! '' 42 . you rememb poppl . 43 . `` Do n't worri , be happi '' 44 . you wore , like , eight pair of sock over tight with high top reebok . 45 . you wore sock scrunch down . 46 . `` miss mari mack mack mack , all dress in black black black '' 47 . you rememb boom box vs CD player . 48 . you rememb watch both `` gremlin '' movi . 49 . you know what it meant to say `` care bear stare ! '' 50 . you rememb watch `` rainbow bright and My littl poni tale '' 51 . you thought doogi howser wa hot . 52 . you rememb alf , the lil furri brown alien from melmac . 53 . you rememb new kid on the block when they were cool . 54 . you knew all the charact name and their life stori on save By the bell '' , the origin class . 55 . you know all the word to bon jovi 's `` shot thru the heart . '' pass thi ON TO all your friend who grew UP IN the 1980 ! ! ! 
I 've been work on set up a battlefield server for the past few day and tonight I final got all the bug work out . it pretti sweet now that I lag and the remot consol up and run . I even got to to ban my first player tonight some fucker on our team kept destroy all the vehicl at our base . It felt soooo good ! ! ! If you play check it out `` CV 1942 dual oc3 '' 
urllink what 's your cowboy bebop theme song ? 
urllink 
I am frylock from aqua teen hunger forc ! urllink which aqua teen hunger forc charact are you ? 
