welcom adakrab.com , it our new blog site . write anyth you want , your thought , emot , even chismi ! thi is for us to get in touch with one anoth sinc some of us are in differ part of the world . post pictur , birthday celebr , etc . tara na ! 
last friday mark the last day of school for us first year . ( It 's so weird to say that after be out of school for sometim . ) and now I am look forward to the summer . I will be do a summer internship at urllink designafair in munich , germani . there I will be do intefac design , probabl for mobil phone sinc designafair is a siemen mobil compani . veri excit , just thought of share our joy with you guy . ( via ha a post about the same topic over at our urllink websit . ) 
happi birthday boj , karek and peng ! wish we were back home with you guy . 
karek is have a parti thi saturday here is hi email : `` I 'm celebr my birthday thi saturday , may 29 at the coolest bar in town . indochin . parti start at 10pm , everyth on me ! ! food , drink , music , drug , chick ... . ! ! hope to see everyon there coz malamang d na ito mauulit ! p. . wala ng corkag if u decid to give some gift : ) '' 
thi morn we were play with the latest urllink yahoo messeng and asid from the other cool featur they ad , one cute one wa the creation of your own urllink avatar that you can custom the cloth , hair style , skin color etc . ang cute ! I wish I had YM on the mac . : ( and anoth cute site which I think the gel will like , is urllink morningcraft.com . It sell handmad accessori , toy , and stationeri , and it is present in a nice design websit . 
graduat ko today ... wala lang . labo kasi last august pa ako natapo . I do n't realli feel like march but sinc daph and my famili are here , I might as well ... 
pet just post pictur in chicago . check your email for the link . 
who is patti ? Is that patti kim ? Or mayb patti ngin ... .oh I know ... it 's patti rha ... hihihi ! ! ! hey you east coaster other than crispin , can ani of you make it on the first week of june here in san francisco ? I got a few thing line up ... I think I do ... anyway let us know . hope to see you guy whenev ... . 
urllink christian bale as batman in the new batman movi titl `` batman begin '' . I read that it is all new and base on the frank miller/dark knight version of batman . even the batman emblem chang . here 's anoth photo urllink battl bat mobil 
ever tri these urllink filipino ? they make me happi and sad at the same time . siyempr we have the spaniard to thank for name these cooki after us ! they come in dark chocol , milk and white- could be a refer kaya to our wide rang of skin color ? when I brought them out last night to serv to some of our friend , they happili said : '' filipino ! We love filipino ! '' It wa so funni , parang commerci . At least it 's a realli yummi snack we 're name after , right ? 
hey guy , I forgot to tell you thi one cool featur : you can post to the adakrab blog by email ! No need to log-in blogger just send it directli to adakrab.barkada @ blogger.com . ( you have to be alreadi a member of cours ) thi messag wa post thru email . gale ! 
hen I dont care ! je kid ! ! ! ! congrat dude ! how everybodi do ? Im do alright over here . As all of you know I got a job for a cmpani call experian . I also just move into a new apart . I live now in a suburb of chicago call schaumburg ! . I guess that it for now ! : ) 
what up G ? bakit di lumalaba ? 
pearl ... good job on thi blogsit ! My first post will be thi ... most may not be interest but I 'll still share it becaus of it import in relat to my job . I wa final invit to play the san francisco golf club ... I have to say that it wa by far the most spectacular golf cours I 've ever seen ! yun lang ! 
urllink unilev introduc it new corpor brand thi is big news for the design industri , but it will also affect their huge market in the philippin . what do you guy think of thi new logo.. how about you camil , easi competit ? : ) I think it not that nice , but I think the old one wa n't ani better anyway . 
thank to RJ , we got to see thi hillari ad from starbuck . parang pinoy humor ! urllink click here to see the ad 
there wa all the hype for thi new webmail servic by googl , also the owner of blogger . seem like they are do everyth right . I have been tri out thi new account and at first glanc it seem like your everyday webmail ( ie hotmail , yahoomail ) but it is differ . what 's the diff ? It doe n't have folder but filter . It use search more effect ( or so they claim ) , and it ha the `` convers '' featur where you can see the thread or histori of the email . but what stand out for me is the speed . I alway hate webmail becaus of it slow speed . but thi seem blaze fast compar to ani webmail I 've use so far . So should you believ the hype ? So far gmail is by invit onli so unless you know someon who can give you one , I think you can wait . I am not one who also use webmail frequent but I 'll wait 'til my gmail email increas and I 'll see whether it worth it or not . but for now , pleas email me at urllink noelperla @ gmail.com ( I guess it carri some prestig to be abl to have a by invit onli email ) 
here 's a pic from my grad the other week ... urllink view larger 
here 's a classic that I keep go back to for quick entertain . check out urllink orisin . nice conceptu and design flash arcad game . there are a lot to choos from ! 
for those of you who do n't know , via and I are in munich now . I 'm do my internship with urllink designafair while via is take german languag lesson . here is a pictur of us in rezidenza munchen . 
urllink A funni seri of short flash anim about a low moral employe . 
