I want to use thi blog to help organ a few idea which have develop over the last few year . essenti , just as physicist seek a grand unifi theori to combin the strong , weak , electro-magnet , and gravit forc , I 'm look for someth of a grand unifi theori of the human . thi is no small task , to be sure . I have no or littl formal train for such a task . I have done a fair amount of read and a hell of a lot of think about thi issu ( or about these issu , if you will ) . but if I do n't organ and commun them , my effort wo n't do anyon ani good . the first few blog will , most like , attempt to discern a natur hierarchi , a method bywhich blog are best organ . 
interest . the idea that there 's one truth sound so much like monoth . To speak in a nietzschean sens , the idea of one truth is a sublim of the belief in and faith of one god . the same urg that drive men of and to one god drive other to one truth , and in scienc , one method ( the scientif ) of arriv at that truth . In mani respect , belief in the scientif method is a belief in uncertainti . one must understand that scientif belief are predic on the idea that they could inde be incorrect . Of cours , it 's easi to come to believ absolut in one 's scientif conclus ( s ) . twenti year ago , it wa wide believ that there exist no planet other than those in our solar system . today we `` know '' of sever . scienc is a kind of faith in uncertainti . It is a sort of magic that is proven , veri much as it wa previous , via predict . astronom predict venusian solar transit . the transit occur . the power of scienc , it 's valid , it 's sovreignti is therebi proven ; veri much as priestli power wa valid by predict of planetari movement , solar and lunar eclips . So if we view religion/faith as have necessarili evolv I tend to think of religion as preced scienc becaus scienc is view as a modern method . thi view may be inappropri . thi view may be a stumbl block . scienc and religion have in common a faith in uncertainti driven by the desir to learn , understand , and control the known . We do n't wish to be eaten , to die from enemi or the environ . So we 're realli discuss the sublim of power and control ( nietzsch and adler ) . 
religion So whi should we , as existenti scientist , appreci religion ? that is to say , if we are n't go to reli on mumbo-jumbo to explain thing , whi do n't we do away with it altogeth ? anoth way to ask thi question is , whi did religion evolv as a psycholog presenc in man ? and there 's the answer . religion 's affect on men is to be understood and appreci becaus it evolv . too mani men , I think , upon lose faith in religion ( or rather , appli faith to someth els ) wish to denigr the valu of religion 's affect . they probabl do so to the degre to which they were onc faith . [ and that sound so nietzscean that he probabl said it alreadi . ] they do so in order to prevent a ... relaps . Of cours , when we speak of the evolut of religion we 're realli talk about evolutionari psycholog . 
religion A scientif examin of exist should util two method in reach conclus . absenc of mumbo-jumbo [ MJ ] acknowledg and appreci of mumbo-jumbo 's presenc , perhap necess , in our percept of exist . there are a number of reason to avoid relianc on [ MJ ] . for practic reason , we would be forc to choos a particular [ MJ ] upon which to base our observ and conclus . We could then delv into sect , debat of inaccuraci and mean , histor , etc , etc . such effort would achiev littl more than argument built upon argument upon argument . cicular reason . An edific upon a foundat that crumbl at the first tremor of reason . Of cours , it would be no more correct to reject [ MJ ] simpli becaus it is difficult ( nigh imposs ) to choos the `` right '' one . No , even if we believ , that is to say , had faith , that we had chosen ( actuali , most often , inherit ) the `` right '' [ MJ ] , we would be left with littl more than a sort of `` my dad can beat up your dad '' mental . and with such a mental , we would then need to reli upon other `` proof '' of correct ( that is to say , religi superior ) . for exampl , a religion is superior base upon such idea as : the perceiv happi of it 's adher coffer ( organiz or nation ) number of adher durat of exist iron , in order to prove a religion 's superior it would have to reli upon physic indic in a world devalu by most religi thought . So , from a practic point-of-view , we ca n't reli on [ MJ ] to explain/understand exist becaus we ca n't choos the correct religion , and if we did choos one , would be reduc to use real world physic proof to demonstr it suppos superior . there is anoth reason . If one religion is the correct way to gaug our understand of exist , then religi experi becom a zer0-sum game . there can be onli one winner . there can be onli one religion ( sound like a highland riff = ) ) . It is evid that adher are will to take up arm and to kill in order to win such a zer0-sum game . It is most impract to consid the consequ of such a `` conclus '' . again , in fact , we are face with a religion which disprov itself in it 's effort to `` prove '' itself . reductio ad absurdum . notwithstand , religion doe play an import part in our exist . next time , I 'll talk about whi it 's import to appreci religion 's affect on us . 
