Im all alon , gari isnt home yet . He ha been work in manchest today put some network cabl in a new offic , I hate be alon . been talk to karl alot tho , tri to decid on what to do with the server . Im still realli tire , dont realli want to go to work tomorrow but I have to . whi cant urllink UK host just make me a million and then I wouldnt have to work . I realli love kelli clarckson 's new song , yanno the girl that won american pop idol . I cant stop play it , but I know in a coupl of day im go to total hate it becaus ive over play it . not realli much point in thi post , but as I said im all alon and I dont like be alon . : - ( 
ive been so tire today , couldnt keep my eye open while sat in front of my comput . mind you I wasnt do anyth excit , been tri to find a new control panel softwar for our server . the one we have isnt too bad but over the last year we have notic thing that it doesnt do which we need . I realli want to use urllink cpanel but it not actual avail for window server yet , it at 76 % complet and they havent got a date of complet . anoth one im look at is urllink helm thi one seem realli realli good and doesnt realli cost too much . So on saturday were go to set it up on a test server and have a play about with it . there just seem to be a big list of thing that we need to improv with the busi , one is the control panel , anoth is actual get rack server other than tower becaus it cost too much when coloc . would also like to move more into offer dedic server and game server but we may be a long way off that . it so hard for us to move out on our own with our own internet connect becaus of where we live . kingston commun is our internet provid and the price they charg are stupid . It cheaper to actual put the server in telehous in london , it just that if anyth happen to the server then we have a long way to travel to fix the problem . think over the next coupl of month we need to work out exactli what direct the busi is go to go in , I want to be abl to offer everyth includ internet access , game server , and coloc server . I need to be patient tho , were do fine at the moment , get lot of new custom with veri littl advertis and actual make money which is a good thing . probabl not a good idea to run befor we can walk . Oh I would also like to offer unix/linux host and not just be total window becaus some peopl dont like window and I think we are actual loos some custom becaus of it . I think our new server is go to be window 2003 which should be interest to set up . Oh my god , dont I babbl on . you probabl dont want to site read about my busi . you come to thi site ( well I think peopl come to thi site ) to read about my day and what im up to . well here goe , im start that atkin diet at some point , gari bought me a book about it so I think im go to give it a go . I realli want to lose some weight , Im not talk like 5 stone or anyth like that but just someth that make me feel better about myself and to get abit more fit . also im hope that we can go to florida next year sometim and I want to be abl to go on all the ride in disney and thing . At the moment I dont think I would be abl to fit on them . when I wa in thorp park earlier in the month for my brithday I couldnt fit on the rollercoast beacus of my big boobi so hope loos a bit of weight will make them abit smaller . He He but dont want them too small . : - ) Im back at work tomorrow , im still work part time at lunn poli , as im not actual be paid from urllink UK host ltd yet , I need money to live on . A coupl of peopl have left so I wa look to get full time for a bit so I can save up but they have given the full time hour to someon els who hasnt even been work there as long as me , I tell ya I wasnt pleas and im go to say someth tomorrow . I mean im not even sure I want to work there full time , it not the greatest job in the world but it would have been nice to be ask . got a coupl of job to appli for at the moment actual , I want to either work for humbersid polic or the nation health servic . wish me luck , I think I might need it . well Im go to go now co I think ive type too much and im start to fall asleep again , mayb I should go and have a nap . 
ive final got my alcofrolic.cx site up and run again , sorri to everyon who ha visit over the last coupl of month and found noth here . ive just been ever so busi get my new busi off the ground , move hous twice and the usual everyday stuff I have had to deal with . My busi is go veri veri well , it just into it second year of run and the custom are come quick and fast . have to look at locat the server at redbu internet hous in london , more bandwidth will be avail and there will be faster and more redund connect . If anyon is interest in afford and reliabl host then have a look at urllink UK host ltd . ive been too busi to work on my urllink pink-onlin site . and while I wa move I didnt have internet access but now im back onlin and im go to tri and work on it more . ive also got a pink messag board up now at urllink pinkfans.net well think that about it for now , will tri and keep thi updat as much as possibl but you know me , im lazi and dont have much motiv . : - ) 
I got the job , I got the job ... . : -D As you may have guess I got the job , went for my interview yesterday at humbersid polic and they gave me a call thi morn offer me the job . Im so excit , lot better money , good pension scheme and the chanc to further my career into someth realli good ... . I have been sat with a huge grin on my face all day , I cant beleiv it ... 
alex stop stalk me . lmao : -p 
OK I know I havent post in a while but ive been realli busi , ive got a job interview at the polic on the 18th septemb ( wish me luck ) and were curent in the process of move the busi to london so it all a bit hectic . and I havent got time not to chat as I have to go to work . will explain thing in better detail later . just want to let everyon know that im still around . take care everyon *huggles* 
the job at the market and PR compani didnt turn out as expect , if anyon get offer a job from a compani call TH nationwid then I think you should serious think about what your get into . the main compani behind TH nationwid is DS max , which is a huge american compani and basic when they say market and PR they actual mean canvass busi sell naff watch that dont realli work , calcul and ani other crap stuff they can get their hand on . So anyway I have final got anoth job to tide me over the christma season , I start on friday ( halloween oooh ... ) it at N power , in the debt depart . I will be ring up busi custom of N power say look mate pay yer bill will ya ... or someth similar : - ) Im still keep my job on at lunn poli so for the next coupl of month I will be work 6 day a week , and karl is go to have to look after UK host . but I will be get lot of money to buy great christma present and to save up for our floriday holiday which we have book for next novemb . I havent play counter strike in age and I realli feel like im let the urllink clan down . but sinc the introduct of steam and CS 1.6 thing just have been total differ and it not as fun as it use to be . apart from the fact that it now take you longer to get on a server , if you get on at all . mayb when steam ha sort itself out and there are less problem I may be back to my frag self . noth much els go on here late , ive had a few web design project on the go , but just not feel the motiv to get thing done , ive gone into my procrastin stage again , and sleep most of the day . when I start my new job thing will be differ and I wont be abl to sleep all the time and I will have to get thing done . anyway off now as it get late and im at lunn poli tomorrow , off to sell lot of holiday and be jelou of the custom co im not go on one . cya.. 
I know I havent post for a while , but the reason is ive been veri busi look after urllink UK host as karl ha been sort hi new hous out . We got a new websit up and run and the server are now sat in london and do well so thing are pretti good at the moment . well my new job with humbersid polic fell through , I wa so upset . they are realli strict on sick day and around 3 year ago I had alot of sick day as I wa have test due to veri bad headach I wa get and thi ha forc them not to give me a firm offer of a job . My dream have been crush . : - ( howev I rang anoth compani the day I foung out about the polic and went for an interview the follow day . It went realli well and I have a second interview on monday . it for traine manag of a market and PR compani . which should be more interest then sat behind a desk at the polic station type letter ... ... ... but I still wish I had got the job at the polic . anyway just a quick updat , may post someth more later ... .but then again I may not . you know how unreli I am with thi . : - ) 
ive been a bad girl ... I havent updat in age , ive just been soo soo busi . Up until a coupl of week ago I wa work 7 day a week , monday to friday at N power and sat and sun at lunn poli and also look after my busi urllink UK host ltd , it wa serious kill me . I end get so stress out that my blood pressur went up and I spent alot of time visit the doctor . anyway now im onli work at N power and gari ha been help me alot with my busi so im do alot better . We went up to newcastl last weekend to vist my cousin cherli , we had a look around and were think of move there , gari could do so much better in a bigger citi and I could probabl transfer to the N power in gateshead . I think we realli could do with a fresh start . We registerd with a few estat agenc and one call us today say they had a coupl of hous we may be interest in , so were off back up to newcastl on saturday to have a look . it onli a coupl of hour drive so it isnt too bad . that all for now , time for bed for me , I will tri and updat again soon . 
onc again I havent updat for a long time , thing have just been so hectic . ive now move to gateshead and am current work as a studio administr for a compani call urllink dataform in newcastl . I bought my own car and am in the process of do it up , you can view my progress here at urllink rover project 2004 everyth seem to be go veri well for me , im veri happi at the moment and hope to stay that way . move up here ha been the best decis I have ever made . : - ) post more later . 
Im a bad bad person ... well not realli , I just have a life at the moment . ive been realli busi with work and get settl into our flat , and sort out my new car , and have fun with friend . I just dont seem to have the motiv or time at the moment to keep thi thing updat . I may even scrap the whole thing . Im tri to get my new busi site up urllink www.webknight.net and also do a new urllink pink site , and I have order for anoth websit and a logo which I just havent got around too yet . I realli should get my ars in gear . We ( Me , gari , lee and mark ) all went to flamingo land on bank holiday monday ( 03/04/04 ) had a great time , went on load of ride . I realli love rollercoast , must go back their again soon . anyway just want to post someth , realli should get back to work now . cya . 
I am so complet and utterli depress , I have never felt like thi befor . If I sit and think about how unhappi I am then I just start cri and I cant stop . I miss my famili and friend and am realli contempl go back to hull . I do love live up here in newcastl but I miss home so much , I miss play dart on a wednesday night with my friend , I miss sit and talk to my mum , I miss laugh at the silli thing my nanna doe and I miss catch up on the gossip from my best friend . I feel so lone and yet at the same time I feel mad at myself and guilti for what im do to gari , I know he want to stay up here and that he happi and I feel bad that im not happi too . I love him so much and dont want to hurt him but if I carri on feel like thi then I will have no choic but to go home , and that probabl mean I will be go home alon . : - ( Im go home next week for a few day , to spend time with my famili and friend and hope that will make me feel better . 
