urllink 
urllink the music review I told you I 'd be get a music review site up and run . sinc I appar do n't have permiss to creat sub-blog on thi site ( one of the reason I move back here in the first place ) , I creat the site on livejourn . My review of van lear rose by loretta lynn is up if you feel like check it out . 
there 's a lot of ironi involv in the fact that van lear rose is the first record that I 've chosen to review here on my review site . the first concert I ever attend in person wa a loretta lynn/conway twitti dual affair at the houston rodeo sometim back in the earli eighti . I do n't even rememb how old I wa , but I 'm guess it wa somewher in the rang of 6-8 . that concert is one of the earliest thing about my life that I can rememb , but I do know that I 've got a small collect of old loretta lynn tape back at home in a storag box somewher , so there 's got to be someth about her music that I wa drawn to at an earli age . now , I 'm not say that I 've been a loretta lynn fan my entir life . At an earli age , I wa train in old-school gospel music simpli becaus that 's what our famili repres . everi singl member of my famili date back , oh , four gener or so ha been involv in some fashion with old school gospel . It wa n't realli a choic -- it wa just someth that we did becaus ... it wa what we did . loretta ha pretti much been off the map for the better part of twenti year . most of her absenc wa due to the fact that she pretti much refus to adher to the good old boy network rule that permeat countri music these day . In realiti , there 's been unspoken rule in countri music for as long as the nashvil scene ha exist . here 's a brief sampl of a few of them . 1 . women must listen to men and do as they say . 2 . women who do n't listen to men are forc into the background . 3 . women can never write their own materi , and must perform music given to them by men . grant , thing have chang a bit -- you 've got group like the dixi chick who write their own materi and say what they feel -- but even with that , you can see how big the outcri is against them when they do n't tow the nashvil line . let 's get back to loretta befor thi turn into a big anti-nashvil rant ( but do n't worri , becaus I 'm save that for anoth day ) . loretta broke everi rule in the book in the golden age of countri , and in do so , she blaze a trail that women in music follow to thi day . everi femal singl artist owe loretta a debt , becaus without her there 's a good chanc that thing on the scene would be a lot differ these day . loretta lynn is push 70 year old , and she 's still blaze trail for countri music . she had a littl help thi time around , though . when I first heard that jack white wa to produc loretta 's new record , I wa n't sure what to think . jack 's an amaz guitarist , after all , but what kind of result could possibl come from pair a garage-rock savant with an old-school countri crooner with a sweet and gentl voic ? I 'll tell you what kind of result -- it 's a classic rock record . van lear rose open up with the titl track , a song in which lynn reflect on her life . she 's alway been good at thi type of thing , but rare ha it sound like it doe in thi cut . the true highlight of the album is the second track , `` portland oregon . '' white step up to the plate quit timidli for a duet about drunken sex fuel by `` sloe gin fizz , '' with ever-crest vocal shimmer over a detroit-class garag rock stomp . part hank william and part classic jack white , the song cut right to the chase and give you a pretti clear indic that thi album is n't like ani other countri album you 've ever heard . there 's a few straight-forward countri tune , but all of them shed the mold that 's been use in countri music sinc day one . `` high On A mountain top '' is a tunesi sing-a-long that you 'll know by heart after the first listen , but the music that accompani it is n't your normal fare . ye , there 's steel and pickin ' guitar , but white 's product make them seem a lot more ... dirti than what you 're use to . the same goe for the bluesi `` have merci , '' which see lynn beg for someth while white lay down cut after cut of classic blue rock in the background . jack wa name one of the top twenti guitar player of all time by roll stone last year , and while I may not agre with that sentiment , he certainli show some incred chop here . the back band for thi record is call `` the do-what , '' a name lynn coin becaus `` they could go in there and do whatev we ask them to . '' made up of misfit and friend from detroit , thi foursom from a garage-rock background give a fearsom perform . white 's product skill need to be note here , too . thi is hi first major-label product job , and he ha essenti craft a masterpiec by allow lynn to be herself and sing in her own style while provid a shock , refresh chang of pace with the music and sonic mix . I dare say that you wo n't hear anyth els like it , and a lot of that credit ha to be given to jack white . say what you will about the white stripe ( I love them ) , but one simpli can not deni that white ha craft a masterpiec by fuse two contrast style togeth in a way that ha to be heard to be believ . It 's part countri and part garag ... but total rock and roll . with van lear rose , loretta lynn ( and jack white ) may have alter the cours of countri music forev . If you compar van lear rose with album from other top artist like tim mcgraw and kenni chesney , you quickli realiz how much all other album pale in comparison . In fact , with the except of the dixi chick ' home , van lear rose pretti much make everi other album I 've heard thi year seem insignific . It is at onc a classic and an endur remind that good music and good musician still exist -- it just sometim take a leap of faith to bring them out . the bottom line -- much like rick rubin 's pair with the late , great johnni cash , the duo of white and lynn have creat an instant masterpiec and someth that will be long rememb as a classic . rate -- ***** 
