I had an opportun to reflect on the direct of my life and my choic of career . for the past 4 year I had decid to go into comput graphic design and so had been take the cours necessari for that industri . So as I wa contempl I realiz that I had one key issu with the major of the job that I had accept to do . the one that requir me to be onsit and under the direct of some sort of manag were not enjoy . now I do n't mean that the project were not fun but that I did not enjoy the direct manag wa tri to form me . well to make a long bore stori short I have decid to chang my career path . I am finish my last two class to get an a.a. in comput graphic design and then I am off to itt technic school to becom and receiv a b.a . in comput system network administr . not onli do I feel that thi is a much better field of work for me but it will also provid and support the kind of life style that I desir to have . well I hope that wa n't to bore or confus for you if it wa drop me an email and I 'll explain it better for you . 
ye , I am a complet slacker . I apolog to all of you who have found my blog and have been read it . fortun , some of my experi can be found at urllink mercuryfrog.com . but as of late I have been extrem busi with mani project . I have been repair my friend merc 's bike . I have been tri to find stone tile that is stone shape to put in our kitchen . I have also been make connect with a guy at sema and at primedia . both work on public for magazin . I am realli hope that primedia work out . especi sinc where I am at now is move their graphic to taiwan becaus that 's where they do their print . which kind of suck becaus I just start to get into the groov here . 
everi day when I come home from work . I see my babi girl and she smile right at me . she bring such a warm joy feel to my heart . I get so excit when I see her , and as I look into her face I see how much she realli resembl her mommi . then I am immedi remind of my love and ador for my wife and how I truli do love her and whi I marri her . life bring so mani challeng , hardship and frustrat but it also bring the most joy , exhilar and fun . My two most preciou and most valuabl thing in life are my babi girl , heather and e.v . I love them deepli 
A few thing are frustrat me at thi point in my life . some import and some not so import . first the `` not So '' I now have two web site one for my busi and one for my famili and I ( heather , my wife and e.v . ( emili victoria ) , my 5 month old littl girl ) . I have a splash page on urllink clear graphic studio that ha alreadi been chang just not post and thi site , mountaintoad.com . thi site is alreadi progress faster than the other and I have had clear graphic for about four year . but I do have to mention my friend christoph decaro who ha assist me in get my crap togeth and get these site up and semi run . but at thi time I unfortun have to go and I can not releas my frustrat of the other sort at thi time . So till next time when ever that mayb , hope sooner than later . peac to all . 
well thi is my first squiz at my blog . what do yall think ? 
hey , I 'm back from nowher . I have either been to lazi or have had absolut no time to do ani of my crap . I 'll let you decid which one . well my littl girl e.v . is eight month old go on 20 year . I knew that the first year of a child 's growth and develop wa the fastest , but you never fulli understand or comprehend how fast until you have your own . By the end of thi week I will have a link to my photo album , there you will see what I mean . though of you who know me and have seen e.v . pretti much know what I mean . I miss my littl babi girl . I realli ca n't complain too much though . life ha been pretti good to us when I step back and look . We own a condo and we are look into buy anoth . We will rent out the other if all goe well . I start my path toward my new career on dec , I am realli excit about hti . I must admit and that I would not be where I am today if were not for my wife . through my wife and her connect of peopl and friend , I have been abl to do so much and receiv so much . the experi and train that I have gain and achiev have been made possibl by my wife and our friend . thank you to all of you . sincer , MT 
sorri about that last publish be late . As you can read I wa in a littl bit of pain . but I 'm home now but not much better . I ca n't sleep , luagh , or sneez do to the fact it hurt to do so . but atleast I see the doctor tomorrow . ; ] MT 
well , I went board again and it wa a mistak . I wa do pretti good , taken it slow and be care . then I start go pretti good and then ( wham ! ) ... .. must beath but ca n't weeez ! gasp ! ooooooohhhhhh ! . A few minut later I got up . I land pretti hard with my left elbow in my left side of my rib cage and nock the wind out of me . well I either have a crack or a bruis rib or a coupl of rib . hope to be better by saturday , which is when we go home . ; ] MT 
well , We made it to arizona and then to utah . arizona we had one of my friend instal some aftermarket power door lock . which by the way if you have a pontiac vehicl ( we have a vibe ) , then you 're go to have some issu get them instal . pontiac ha decid to chang the door lock mechan . normal they are rod driven which is whi slim jimm are use to pop lock . pontiac ha now chang them to cabl driven mechan . So instead of it take us 2hr it took about 6hr becaus we had rig it so it would work . Do n't worri it still look and work as if the manufactur instal them . ; ] So now we are in utah at park citi . My wife 's parent have time share and trade their for thi one , It 's pretti swank . tonight we 're go to brighton and tomorrow we 're go to the canyon . It 's go to be pretti interest becaus I have n't board sinc I wa 15 so that wa 10 year ago sheesh . well got ta go I 'll updat later thi week I promis . happi holiday , MT 
well , I now final employ as a graphic design with the compani that I have been temp at for 7 month . I am pretti grate about it . Of cours there still are some thing I need to negoti with them . I also find out around the first of the year if I have an internship with my wife 's compani in their IT depart . school is still kick'en ' A ' and tomorrow I start my christma vacat . woo hoo ! all in all life is good and we might even get a dba and busi licens for wife . Do to the fact that she will be quit her job in about two to three month . So as you can see our live are becom pretti event and challeng . happi holiday to all whether I know you or not , ; ] MT 
well I am in my second week of school at itt , I am realli enjoy it . they do n't mess around with crap they just get right into it . I even find the readi enjoy and get thi , I am even take note and highlight key area in my book . I have never done that in my life , atleast not that I can rememb . ; ] Be back soon . MT 
just thought I would say Hi . It 's good to say hi to peopl onc in a while . have an outstand day . MT 
well the doctor said I probsbl crack it . but it would no good to xray it becuas wheather I bruis , crack or brock it there wa noth he could do . so I am wear a brace and take pain killer at night so I can sleep . it seem to be do much better now but it 's probabl just the pain killer . MT 
I had thi brilliant idea that onc I got my school schedul that I would come into work an hour earli So I would be abl to see my wife and littl girl befor school . well I today is my first time on thi schedul ... ..i ca n't even think straight , I can bare type thi blog . but it 's worth it for just the reason I 'm do it for . I also plan to go to the gym in the morn that I do n't have class ( 4am ) I know it should be worth it but I 'm go to have to eas that schedul in after I get use to thi one . but then again If I do it all at onc it wo n't be so drawn out . right ? crap ! you know merc comment about the movi `` 28 day later '' . well I agre with him that it suck but the sad thing is , after watch it with him I ca n't get the movi out of my head . I keep replay it again and again in my head . It 's drive me nut ! DO n't see IT ! MT 
well for those of you who check my sight out again I have to apolog for slack off . thu my titl . I hope I have n't made ani one mad . you would think for as much time as I spend with a comput I would be pretti consist with updat thi site . sorri ! well it 's the middl of march and I just start my second quarter at itt . hey did you guy here they shut down 8 itt school last quarter about 4-5 week ago . all it realli is , is just a big corpor and with ani larg corpor you 're go to run into some problem big and small . now I 'm not say that itt suck by ani mean . I have realli enjoy it so far but I will say that in my area the school are more of a way to get it done . you realli just get what ever you put into it . which is a lot like most school . the instructor will help you but you do lose some free access such as the comput lab . you have access when you have the class . If you do n't have a comput at home your kind of screw . I guess I would have to say that If you 're in the industri and you want to refresh or upgrad your knowledg base and certif or you need flexibl with work and school then itt is great . other wise I would say go to devri or phoenix or some other school like them . I have learn a lot and I 've establish my own home network and server ( w2k advanc server and red hat linux ) . On a side note . I did have to set up one comput just for my wife and gener use becaus she wa get pretti frustrat with me dink with the comput and she would never be abl to get on it when she want to . So I now have three PC 's and a mac ( 2 PC 's and the mac for me and 1 PC for my wife ) . now we 're a happi famili . well I got ta go . just rememb that school realli is all about what you put into it . MT 
well , the compani that I am now work for , is turn out to be a pretti good compani . school is go well despit their ridicul onlin cours . My babi girl is fourteen month and continu to amaz me with all that she learn . I will soon have a site up call todderybarn.com where famili photo and stuff will be post . all in all I can say life is pretti good I should n't have reason to complain , I have much to be grate for . 
I am a proud owner of a new posit with in my compani . I am now the advertis manag for my compani and I have hire two new design . I am realli enjoy manag even with the ad respons . It 's alreadi gotten a littl hairi but I came out on top . school is go great ... I 'm ace my class and I 'm have fun . My famili is do outstandingli and we are alsomost done fix up our hous . 
