what is bipolar disord ? most of you who are visit thi site probabl have a good idea what it is like to be bipolar or love someon who is . for those of you who just happen along by chanc let me tell you about a mental disord that is far more preval than you could ever imagin . bipolar disord also known as manic depress affect over 2million adult in the unit state . what is more startl is that up to 3.4 million children and adolesc in the unit state have thi disord . there is a good chanc that you know sever peopl who suffer with bipolar disord and you have never notic . that 's becaus onc treat with the proper medic these peopl can go on to lead a normal life that is rel free of symptom . the import part is be diagnos and receiv the correct medic , which can be the most difficult part . bipolar disord is not simpli depress , nor is it simpli the extrem , energet high , but a combin of the two . In children it often present differ and for that reason is often misdiagnos or undiagnos . children can begin show sign of the disord as earli as age two . some common sign to watch out for are : irrit and dysphor mood . mood shift throughout the day . nightmar and night terror . excess worry/anxieti grandios think , believ they can do anyth , even fli . heighten sensit to sensori stimuli , tag in cloth , feel of fabric , sock nubbi . physic aggress , often without provoc . excess talk , pressur speach period of increas energi , often accompani by insomnia lower frustrat toler and impati deliber destruct of properti . you may be say to yourself , my child ha sever of these symptom but our doctor said he/sh wa adhd . 91 % of bipolar children under the age of 12 will meet the criteria for adhd and they could have adhd at the same time . thi is what is call a comorbid diagnosi . the differ with bipolar disord is it is episod in natur . your child could be fine one minut and the next fli into a rage over the brand of orang juic you bought . diagnos and treatment are extrem import in children . episod tend to worsen in children without proper treatment . school can becom a nightmar and suicid is a real possibl . when bipolar disord is undiagnos and treat as adhd onli the medic can caus a child to enter a manic state . I ca n't stress the import of find someon who will properli diagnos your child and put them on the proper medic . the nation dbsa websit can help you find a qualifi physician in your area . 
dbsa meet schedul is as follow : porter-stark servic , inc. 601 wall street . valparaiso , IN 1st and 3rd wednesday of each month . 6:00-8:00pm the first meet of the month is a speaker meet . the speaker for the may 5th meet will be pam arnold and she will be speak on import of commun thi should be an inform and educ meet . the second meet of the month is alway an open discuss meet . thi is where you have the chanc to connect with other peopl just like you who have been there . We also meet in merrillvil , IN at the methodist hospit southlak campu 8701 broadway merrillvil , IN 7:00-9:00pm 2nd and 4th monday of each month . for more inform on these meet or one closer to you , pleas visit the urllink nation dbsa websit 
welcom to the dbsa blogspot . We are locat in northwest indiana and are affili with the nation depress and bipolar support allianc . thi site will offer up to date inform on bipolar disord in adult and children . It will also display schedul meet and speaker in the NW indiana area along with link to other support group throughout the unit state . 
join us on wednesday at 6pm at porter-stark servic in valparaiso . We will have mari beth schultz as our guest speaker . she is an expert on domest viloenc and will provid inform on that subject . ms.schultz will answer question after the discuss and there will also be a group discuss . teen/young adult group to meet tuesday june 8th . We are veri excit to announc thi all new group . If you are between the age of 11 and twenty-someth we hope you will join us for thi discuss group . It will begin at 6pm at porter-stark servic , 601 wall St . 
she wa too young to die , but dure her short life she touch so mani peopl . mallori wa a ray of sunshin on a stormi day . hundr of peopl fill the church to overflow to say goodby to a girl who wa taken from thi world far too soon . mani of these mourner were teenag and some were younger , as mallori had left behind a younger sister , and an older sister and brother . how do so mani teenag understand someth like death ? when you are a teenag you believ you are invinc , that noth can touch you . It is devast to discov that thi is not true . when a teen lose a love one they suffer intens . As adult we often disregard their intens feel becaus we are deal with the loss ourselv or we think they will recov sooner sinc they are young and resili . We have taught them to suppress their anger . they know it is okay to feel sad , but anger will not benefit anyon . thi is not true . they need to express their anger . they have been abandon by someon they love . that is pain , it is not fair and it make them angri . It is one of the most natur respons to the loss they are feel . We need to reassur them , that as adult we are there for them . We will not judg their anger or their fear . the fear of be left behind or the fear of also be taken befor their time . grief is a veri uniqu to each of us , but for adolesc it is complex , often beyond their realm of understand . they may push us away when we tri to help them and think that solitud is what they need we will let them . We often have the misconcept that becaus they look like adult now , that they think like adult . they may exhibit stage of shock and disbelief . If they do n't think about it mayb it wo n't hurt so much . they can function as if life is go on as usual when they are actual feel numb and as yet unawar of the pain . thi stage often last for the first few week after the event . they often cri , ach , do n't sleep , have a difficult time make decis , may yell and fight with famili and friend and may fluctuat between denial and anger . dure the next stage of the griev process the numb ha end and the guilt , depress , hopeless , anger , and increas sensit occur . thi could begin a few week after the death and continu for month . guilt is a natur process . all adolesc have disagr with friend and famili , but when a death occur the teen will take guilt and respons for the tragedi . `` If onli I had told her I love her more , '' `` If onli I had driven instead of him . '' these are normal feel for everyon , but are often more intens for teen . thought of suicid are also common dure thi stage . As parent we have to be will to listen without judgment or panic . We hear that our child doe n't want to live and we panic , get angri or frighten and often do n't let them express their feel . when what we realli need to do is listen . you ca n't fix thi pain for them and they are entitl to it . It is normal to think of escap the pain or join the person they love . often when you share that you have felt thi way too and it is all part of the grief process it is reassur to them . Do be awar of the true sign of suicid . If they have a plan on how they would end their own life , seek profession help immedi . thi is not a time to wait and see if they feel better in a day or two . call a suicid hotlin or go directli to your nearest emerg room . It is better to be safe than sorri . dure the next few month , 3-6 month after the death , you may find your teen tri to pretend as if noth happen . they may tell you they do n't want to talk about it anymor . they may gain or loss weight and tri to chang their locat or lifestyl in order to get out of the surround that remind them so much of what they wish had never occur . It is a temporari solut to a permanet problem . thi is the stage where a true depress can set in and they begin to feel like they will never stop griev . know the sign and seek help if you feel medic may be need temporarili . To admit you need help is not a sign of weak , but of strength . time doe heal all wound or at least lessen them so we can toler them . It could take up to two year . for some , more and other less . A good support network can help shorten the process for some and profession counsel for other . you will see your teen emerg again from the grief and sorrow that ha been a constant companion for so long . they could feel hope and optimist . readi to move on , but never forget . there will still be time when the grief will resurfac , birthday , anniversari 's of the death , and joyou occas that their love one ca n't share and will never experi . It will be cleans for all of you to talk about your feel openli and honestli . It is good to cri togeth and laugh togeth while share memori . As I said earlier , grief is differ for everyon . We must help each other through it and hope we will all emerg on the other side closer and more bond than ever . Do n't let your teen or child griev alon . Do n't hide your grief from them and tell them they need to be strong for each other . they need to love and support each other , share and be honest with each other and hope move forward togeth hand in hand . In close , mallori , you will never be forgotten and in time hope your famili and friend will be abl to accept and cope with their loss , even though they may never realli understand it . pleas help guid them through thi process and help them rememb your beauti spirit that wa the true essenc of life . 
I am proud to announc the format of an addit support group in porter counti . after much discuss , for mani year , we have final done it . thi group will be a peer to peer group to support teen and young adult . We still want them to attend the wednesday meet in valparaiso and the monday meet in merrillvil becaus we need them there to set us straight on how thing realli are for them . those meet will still be open to the public and includ everyon from famili with children to adult and caregiv . the new group is of cours open to the public also , but we will be discuss thing that are relev to teen and young adult . We also want to includ the bipolar/mood disord adolesc , begin at age 10 , becaus as we all know , they are alreadi wise beyond their year . We want young peopl to feel free to discuss what is import to them and to meet other that have similar problem . We will look forward to see you there . pleas tell your friend and famili about thi group . help spread the word . see you on june 8th for our first meet . 
last night at the dbsa meet the group had a vari discuss on hospit . It is not someth ani of us want to think about for ourselv , but is even harder when we must consid it for our children . sometim it is the onli answer and a far better one than look the other way . children I know of as young as five have attempt suicid . with teen , the number are skyrocket . It is not unusu for a bipolar child or teen to be hospit and parent should expect thi and tri to be prepar . I know it is not someth we realli want to prepar for , but if your child had cancer you would check out the hospit to be sure your child got the best care possibl . when deal with a mental facil thi is even more import . they are not all creat equal . If you have health insur , you may not have a choic of which facil to use . Be sure to call your mental health plan administr and take note . In a time of crisi you will probabl not be abl to think straight , let alon make all the call and decis . some of the thing to ask about if you do call or visit a unit are : how mani regist nurs are on a unit . there should be more than one , and more nurs than psych technician and aid . ask about involuntari administr of medic , seclus and restraint . these should onli be use as a last resort or not at all . find out how often you will be abl to see and speak to your child . often a children 's unit will onli let you visit on certain day and time . they often want the child to have as littl contact with the parent as possibl becaus they feel the parent is the child 's main problem . thi is extrem import if your child is veri young or if they have separ issu . find out what happen when your child is releas . Is there a support group for your child and for you ? Do they offer parent class ? will your child requir special aftercar such as a half day program for a while ? It will never be easi to put your child in a hospit even if you think it would be a real relief for a littl while . the more you know and the more prepar you are the easier it will be to deal with . pack a bag to take with the child . Be sure to includ a stuf anim for them to sleep with . usual with cloth they want you to send two of everyth and label it all with your child 's name . leav everyth els at home . the hospit will check the bag and you will have to sign off on the content . If the child is allow ani other item , like a favorit quilt or music , the staff will advis you and you can bring it when you visit . Be sure befor you leav you know what number to call to check on your child and who you would contact with a complaint or problem . hope you wo n't have ani problem , but it is good to be prepar . the most import thing to rememb is that you are not alon . tri to find a support group for yourself . 
meet remind next meet will be in merrillvil on may 24th . In merrillvil the group meet at 7pm at methodist hospit 's southlak campu . last night wa our meet in valparaiso . It wa a good group with a live discuss . there wa interest convey in a group for the younger consum . I think begin just befor the teen year and continu into adulthood . I am propos the second and fourth tuesday of the month at porter-stark . I would love to have the teen be instrument in set up thi group . I also want them to feel free to discuss whatev is on their mind in an open set of their peer . everyth they say in that room will remain confidenti . mani of us wish there had been a group like thi when we were teenag . I hope all the teen will spread the word and thi can becom a group you will enjoy spend time at . keep an eye on thi site for further inform . 
next dbsa meet will be in valparaiso on wednesday may 19th 6-8pm thi meet will be at porter-stark servic at 601 wall St . It will be a rap session where anyon who want to share is given a chanc to . We alway learn so much at these meet and can ask question of those who have been there . We hope to see you there . with summer almost here and so mani kid home from colleg for the summer we at dbsa nwin were wonder if there wa a need and an interest in a separ support group for the younger consum . teen to young adult . At the present group everyon is welcom and we do have a wide variat of age . let 's face it though , teen are a group unto themselv . If they are bipolar or suffer depress they have question and situat all of there own that they would like inform on . such as date , school , life after school , suicid , med and their effect on your bodi . I am sure mani teen and young adult think they are alon in thi ill , but it is amaz how mani other there are out there with the same problem , just no one to share them with . So if you are a teen or know a teen that you think would be interest , let us know at dbsa nwin and we will get start on a group just for you . you can contact us directli by click on the link to the nation dbsallianc and go to indiana support group , you will see us there . also feel free to click on comment under thi entri and tell us what you think of thi idea . It is confidenti so do n't be afraid to be honest . We hope to hear from you and see you on wednesday the 19th . 
merrillvil meet remind monday may 10th at 7pm dbsa will be hold their meet at the methodist hospit southlak campu . thi will be a discuss meet and we hope you can all attend . you will notic that thi site ha chang it 's look a littl . the parent blogger ha offer some updat look and option . there will be a place now to add comment . pleas feel free to do so . If there is someth you would like to see more inform about or if you would like to give some input just click on comment and type away . As for what is new at dbsa NW indiana we are hope to send two member to the nation dbsa confer held in pittsburgh , PA in august . We will be tri to plan some fund raiser to help get them there . Of cours , I will keep you post on that . 
dbsa meet updat I wa plan to log on thi morn and tell you all about the wonder speaker meet I attend last night , but that will not be the case . pam arnold , our schedul speaker , had car troubl and wa unabl to make it to the meet . I think that is the first time we have ever had a speaker cancel at the last minut . We will tri to have her come again when she get a new car . We had a great meet even though it wa without a speaker . We had some peopl that were rel new to the support group . they were such a pleasur to meet . they have a foster child who is a young teen and is bipolar . most of us know or have heard about the difficulti of rais a teenag , but to rais a bipolar teen that you did not have from day one . thi wonder coupl is to be commend . We enjoy meet them and share our knowledg and experi with them . although we alway love our children there are time when we do n't realli like them . you all know the day I am talk about . when you have heard `` I hate you '' so mani time you are start to believ it . those day when the sibl have taken so much abus that you just want to sit down and cri with them . sometim those day come too often and then suddenli there appear that child you know and love . At that moment , when they are onc again tell you how much they love you and how sorri they are you know it is all worthwhil . you would n't trade that child , with all those problem , for anyth in the world . those are the moment that we need to hold on to and rememb . our children can not control be bipolar anymor than they could control have cancer . If you are not bipolar and did not pass thi disord on to your child you are lucki in some way , but out of the loop in other . I have heard from so mani peopl that it is realli hard to understand thi disord if you have n't been there . you can tri to imagin , but you will probabl alway fall short . just know that compass and understand are the most import thing you can offer . Be there and be a parent , make the rule and stick by them no matter how much you want to give in . provid that consist that bipolar kid need so desper . take time to tri and be a `` normal '' famili . that is all ani of us realli want anyway , is n't it ? enjoy the time you have with your child becaus like cancer , mental ill can take your child from you at anytim . love them now , in all there beauti and ugli , becaus you never want to say `` If onli I would have been a better parent . '' step up and be a better parent now . learn about the disord your child ha and how you can help . let them know that you accept them as they are and love them flaw and all . 
meet remind dbsa speaker meet wednesday may 5,2004 601 wall st. valparaiso , IN pam arnold will be our guest speaker . her topic will be the import of commun . I hope you all will be abl to join us at the meet , but I know sometim it is imposs with kid and other commit . I will be post the note from pam arnold 's discuss on thursday so you can read what you miss . mark your calend for the meet on may 19th . thi will be our usual rap session . thi is alway a live discuss about famili , medic and gener health issu . It is a time for us all to get the support we need and to share our knowledg to help other know that they are not alon . Be sure to join the group in merrilllvil on may 10th and 24th . the monday night meet there are from 7-9pm . methodist hospit southlak campu 8701 broadway I realiz there are a lot of parent in the crown point area that would like to have more discuss and inform avail on bipolar children at the merrillvil meet . If you come to those meet pleas convey that interest and we will continu to provid more support for the parent there . It is a great oppertun to meet eachoth and discuss the school situat and parent issu . It is also a chanc to make a connect with other in your area . parent with a child just like your that you did n't know wa your neighbor . 
children 's mental health week may 2-8 , 2004 thi week long observ wa began in 1997 to promot awar of mental health issu in children and adolesc . It is sponsor by the feder of famili for children 's mental health , a nation , family-run organ dedic to help children with mental health need and their famili achiev a better qualiti of life . most mental health problem in children and adolesc are either biolog or environment . biolog caus could be genet , chemic imbal , or damag to the central nervou system . environment factor could includ exposur to high level of lead , be a victim of or wit to violenc , such as physic or sexual abus , extrem stress caus by chronic poverti , wit drug abus , or the loss of a love one due to divorc , death , or broken relationship . On may 4th of thi week we recogn childhood depress awar day . If you were ever depress as a child or adolesc or are a parent of such a child then you realiz what a real and treatabl problem childhood depress is . make an effort on may 4th to share that inform with someon who may not be awar . someon who say `` what doe a child have to be depress about ? '' I am sure you all know someon like that . Go to your child 's school and ask their teacher to speak to the student about depress and suicid or to let you speak to them . No one want to be a parent or teacher who realiz too late that mayb they could have made a differ . It is never too earli to begin discuss suicid . let children know they are not alon in these thought and there is help . there are usual definit sign and symptom of depress in children and adolesc . they includ , but are not limit to , school absenc , poor school perform or a disregard for qualiti of lesson , loss of interest in normal activ , chang in eat or sleep habit ; not eat or eat too much and often sleep for long period without feel rest , ach and pain without physic reason , substanc abus , withdraw or chang in peer relationship and thought about death or suicid . children are at a greater risk of suffer from depress or other mental disord if there is a famili histori of depress , substanc abus , or other mental disord . depress in children is a real and seriou ill . It should not be disregard as a `` phase that will pass , '' it is treatabl onc diagnos , but it can becom wors and lead to suicid if left untreat . support from famili member , peer , teacher and health care provid is import . for thi to occur , awar that childhood depress is a real and common ill must take place . Do n't let it be disregard as a phase . If you are a parent , teacher , coach , or caregiv you should learn to recogn the sign and symptom of depress . take the time to learn about other mental disord , such as bipolar disord , adhd , oposit defiant disord and anxieti disord . these are all treatabl ill that affect children . know where you can go to get the help you need . the yellow page , mental health hotlin , your health insur provid , and the internet are a few place to begin . Do n't let your fear of the unknown stop you from help and possibl save the life of a child . In addit , famili member may find it help to join a local support group for addit assist and support . log on to urllink dbsalliance.org for inform on a support group in your area . 
there will be a meet of the newli form teen/young adult support group at porter-stark , valparaiso on tuesday june 22 at 6pm . I hope if you are a teen or young adult you will join us there to share your experi . you can help other while you help yourself . 
mari beth shultz of the care place wa our guest speaker on june 2nd . the care place is a shelter that offer hous , advocaci and counsel for those who have been physic , sexual or emot abus . they serv porter , lake , and stark counti in NW indiana . they are also involv in train polic offic to be more sensit to the crime of domest violenc and sexual assault . ms. shultz share some startl fact with us . 60 % of all the woman kill in the US are kill by men who tell them that they love them . 30 % of batter women have been rape by their partner . 75 % of abus women report their children have been physic or sexual abus by their batter . children rais in violent home often grow up to be abus or be abus themselv . not all abus is physic . emot abus can involv play `` mind game '' , make the victim think they are crazi , humili them , promot feel of guilt , isol them from friend and famili , control all money and transport , and threaten them with have their children taken away . verbal abus can be just as devast . name call and verbal threat can hurt as much or more than the physic assault . the one thing all these form of abus have in common is that they are all about control . one person tri to exert their physic , mental , or emot control over anoth . there are three distinct phase of abus . phase one : increas tension , anger , blame , argu , name call , and guilt . phase two : batter , hit , slap , kick , choke , use of object or weapon , sexual assault/abus , verbal threat and mental abus . phase three : calm stage , apolog , gift , tear , and promis that thing will chang . the care place is notifi in each case of suspect domest or sexual abus . they contact the victim within 24 hour to offer support and assist . the care place will provid shelter , legal assist , group and individu support and counsel . there is no charg for ani of these servic . you can stay at the care place and they will help the victim attain a job , a new resid , and a life free of abus . mani women stay in abus relationship becaus they are afraid they ca n't make it on their own , but most women do veri well onc they are out of the shadow of abus . abus can be anywher . they can be profession , white or blue collar worker from ani race , ethnic background or financi bracket . the bottom line is NO one deserv TO BE abus . the care place can help . they wo n't tell you what to do or make decis for you , but they will give you option and support . If you need help call the 24-hour crisi line . ( 219 ) 464-2128 1-800-933-0466 for ani other counti in indiana call : 1-800-332-7385 
We hope we will see you on tuesday june , 8th if you are somewher between eleven and twenti someth for our new teen/young adult support group . We are realli excit to final be offer thi group after talk about it for so long . join us at porter-stark servic in valparaiso at 6pm , 601 wall St . 
dr.mari zemanski spoke to the support group in valparaiso on wednesday even . It wa wonder to have such a knowledg speaker join us . she spoke on cognit rehabilit . thi is extrem import for not onli those who have suffer a traumat brain injuri , but also those who are age or whose medic have caus some cognit dull . you can teach an old brain new trick or at least make it better abl to recal the one you have alreadi taught it . dr.zemanski spoke about retrain attent which consist of four basic step . orient - rememb simpl thing like your name , age , date . select attent - block out stimuli altern attent - multitask divid attent - do 2 or more thing at onc . thi is the one that your brain ha to train the most for . rote practic is the best way to accomplish these thing . that is what we learn in third grade ... repeat and review until you have it down . your brain ha to practic to get better at rememb . keep your brain activ is the best train . read , word search , crossword puzzl , and game are all great for keep your brain healthi . the older we get the longer it will take to learn thing and sometim to rememb them , but practic and patienc will prevail . 
the next meet of the dbsa of northwest indiana will be a speaker meet . dr. mari zemanski will be join us to discuss how to better organ the compart of the brain . It should be a benefici discuss for anyon that need a littl more memori and a better function brain . I ca n't imagin anyon who could n't benefit from that . dr.zemanski is in practic with dr. robert walsh in chesterton at comprehens psycholog servic , PC . she also lectur at ivi tech . It will be an inform and educ discuss and I hope you will join us . If you are unabl to attend you will find a summari of the lectur on dbsa blogspot the next day . pleas do n't forget to join us for the live discuss group for teen and young adult on the second and fourth tuesday 's of the month . encourag the young peopl in your life to join us , even if they do n't suffer from depress or bipolar disord , it is a chanc to get togeth with other and talk about what is import to them . I would be remiss if I also did n't remind you to join the group in merrillvil on juli 12 and 26 for their regular discuss meet . keep and eye on thi site for an interest articl about peopl who are addict to suicid . It is in the work and should be here in the next few day . see you at a meet . 
last night I wa n't sure how the topic of the support group meet would appli to me . tom isakson wa with us and the topic wa `` homeless in porter counti . '' how could I realli relat to the homeless situat ? I donat money to shelter , I pass on cloth and hygien product . I have empathi for the homeless , but when I see a person with a cardboard sign ask for my money while they smoke a cigarett all I realli feel is disgust . whi do n't they get a job ? they are in front of mcdonald 's whose `` help want '' sign is clearli visibl . I almost did n't attend thi meet and that would have been a tragedi becaus tom isakson open my eye to a side of homeless that I had not seen . It wa an enlighten experi . I learn that the fastest grow popul of homeless in our area are famili . approxim 300 children in our area go to bed each night not know where they will sleep tomorrow or the next night . 150 of these children are under the age of six . there are about 750 peopl without a home in porter counti each year . thi number continu to grow . there are three basic type of homeless . the first be chronic homeless . these peopl are often homeless for a long time . these are the peopl we typic think of when we hear the word `` homeless . '' they often dress in rag , eat from dumpster , and live in squalor . there are four primari reason that we , as a group , were abl to list for chronic homeless . 1 . chronic sever mental ill . without medic these peopl are unabl to get help . 2 . substanc abuse/gambl addict . gov't cut have made it more difficult for these peopl to get the help they need to recov . 3 . duel diagnosi . both sever mental ill and substanc addict . 4 . post traumat stress disord . these peopl have suffer such trauma that they are unabl to deal with life . they have no hope and no will to live . they could be war veteran , domest violenc victim , suffer the tragic death of a love one or a child , or the collaps of their busi . I ca n't help but wonder if thi popul will grow as soldier return from iraq as it did when our forc return from vietnam . next we have one time homeless . peopl often bounc back from thi type of homeless . the caus for one time homeless could effect ani of us . 1 . fire 2 . divorc 3 . domest violence/trauma 4 . natur disast 5 . jobless . peopl live paycheck to paycheck without save . I rememb see a TV program onc that said `` we are all three paycheck away from be homeless . '' with that in mind , thi could be ani of us . last we have episod homeless . thi is the largest grow categori and the one that includ the most children . 1 . live from friend to friend , never know where the next bed will be . 2 . may get ahead for a while and then slip , never realli attain stabil . A . bad luck B . chronic ill . off and on physic , mental , or medic disabl that effect their work abil . C. low wage . At $ 5.15 an hour you need work a 107 hour week to afford the averag apart . D. singl parenting/unpaid child support . the district attorney 's offic just ca n't keep up . E. life skill deficit . usual money manag issu are the biggest problem . a. impuls spend . often the result of ill such as bipolar disord . b . emot control/poor anger manag . not abl to control their anger and keep a job or get in troubl with the law for fight . c. poor impuls control . call in sick becaus they feel like it or not show up on time . d . poor or low educ . No post graduat educ or trade school . No job train . e. dysfunct famili . most adult that go through the shelter had dysfunct famili . these peopl live with abus , alcohol , or non-exist parent . the most import job of a parent is to teach a child that they are love . thi doe n't cost anyth and anyon can do it . We could all work toward end the dysfunct famili in america by simpli teach love . the second thing we can all do is promis to be the veri best friend to our friend that we can be . ask what we can do to help in a time of loss or crisi . Do n't desert them when the worst appear to be over . hang in there and be a friend for the long haul . tom ha some definit thought about what america need to do to help stop homeless . rais the minimum wage to make it a wage that peopl could actual live on . employ need to stop hire part-tim worker that they do n't have to pay benefit to . welfar is the onli gov't fund that ha not seen a cost of live increas sinc 1985 . more and more job are done by robot and comput or outsourc . homeless is increas by 5 % a year in porter counti alon . the spring valley shelter ( a shelter for famili ) is onli abl to provid shelter to about 12 % of those who ask for help due to their small size . the onli other gov't own hous in porter counti is the hospit and the counti jail . christian commun action is tri to rais $ 1,750,000.00 to build and support a bigger shelter . thi campaign is call `` rais A roof . '' If you can help with a tax deduct contribut pleas contact the cca at urllink ccaopc @ netnitco.net or by phone at 219-548-2379 . the shelter could also use contribut of cloth , food , toy , book , bed item , and volunt . If you can help contact tom isakson , program director , at urllink springva @ netnitco.net or call 219-465-1022 . the cca motto is hous for today . hope for tomorrow . rememb that everi littl bit help . 
It may seem hard to believ and for some it is veri difficult to discuss . It is howev true . there seem to be a new mental health phenomenon . suicid for the overwhelm thrill it can give to take life to the edg of death and live to tell about it . mani leav behind love one to tell their stori and struggl to understand the obsess . It is mostli young women who are suffer from thi `` addict to suicid '' . most of these young woman suffer from depress , bipolar disord or some other form of a mood disord . some are just attent seek in the most desper way possibl . like cut , which ha reach epic proport among young women , suicid is a way to eas the pain that life often bring . for the parent who may not be familiar with the term `` cut , '' it is when a person inflect pain on themselv by cut into their skin with almost anyth you can think of . It can also be burn oneself with a cigarett or other way of tortur , that we ca n't even imagin . teen tell me that `` cut '' reliev their pain or enabl them to feel pain . It also put them in control of the pain they feel . most say they do it in privat and are care to mark place other wo n't see . the attent seeker often cut where you can see and want you to take notic . unlik male that often seek far more success mean of suicid such as gun , knive , and hang , these femal often choos less drastic form of suicid . It is not that they are not seriou , but that the thrill is get as close as they can without cross that limit . take just enough pill and then call 911 for help . rememb at the last second that they promis to call their therapist befor attempt suicid again and make that call . some do succeed and then the thrill end their life . It is a veri high price to pay for the rush of death . thi is a day and age where everyth is `` now '' and `` want . '' We no longer need thing or wait for them . death is no differ . these young peopl have tri all the risk take they can think of . the thrill is just no longer achiev . there are n't ani more cri for attent that have not been tri , heard , and ignor . now there is onli the rush of suicid . We ca n't ignor thi desir to die becaus often they do succeed . We should never , not take a suicid threat serious becaus you onli get one chanc to make a mistak . the price you pay is the life of someon you love . If you know someon who mention suicid as a thought they have entertain , talk about it and help them to get the profession help they need . It may be an uncomfort convers . discuss it doe not make it more like to happen , but not talk about it can . 
