He is urllink dave chappel bitch ! 
urllink anoth reason to tri netflix . 
whi would you urllink tri to steal a car when you are rich ? 
If you have a gmail account , get urllink thi . 
urllink yahoo can blow me . they chang their instant messag system where trillian could n't connect . gay . Oh well , patch is out now . 
urllink the internet is for sell . what a deal ! 
Go get the new beasti boy album ! right now ! It kick sooo much ass . I 've listen to it like 10 time alreadi . 
I just order a gateway laptop ... woooooohooooooooo . too bad it wo n't be here until juli 6th . that suck . 
check out thi urllink wave . that is just fuck crazi . 
urllink gmail kick ass . too bad it invit onli . email me at gongu @ gmail.com if you want an invit . 
I have to have the most fuck up sleep habit of anybodi I know . today I slept from 5pm to 10pm ... wow . Oh well , I guess it 's fine until I have to deal with school again , blah . 
just when you thought I had given up on thi piec of crap websit ... I return . 
well I arriv in hel ... err mississippi today about 3:30 . what a bore ride . At least I got to watch dodgebal on the way down . now , I guess I just sit around on 56k for the next few day . I think tomorrow we are go to eat at some good place in jackson ... . sadli it ha a gay name , cock of the walk . see , told you it wa gay . anyway , back to watch barbershop 2 for me . 
thi post is come to you from my new laptop . yay . It came just in time for my dread trip to mississippi . soon I should have my laptop back up and there might even be a laptop cam come : ) . Do n't expect anyth to be done until tuesday or wednesday as I will be in mississippi until late afternoon monday . I may get to post down there if I can get the 56k ( ugh ) work . 
I had to wake up eaaaaaarli as hell to go to work at eight IN the morn . 8 am and ryan glenn should never be in the same sentenc . well I get there and I walk in and all the sudden I hear thi littl hum noise.. I look around , like wtf ? they instal thi annoy ass secur camera . It move ani time is see movement . sooo it move all the time and get on my nerv after about five minut . after I get home , I tri to format my comput . damn I 'm unlucki ! ! ! ! ! ! It took me forev , but I final put window XP home edit on it . yay . 
the blake : you suck gongus.com bitch : yea i know 
new comment system yay 
happi 4th of juli and I will get a new comment system you bitch . 
usual , friday is a veri good day for me , but dure the summer it is pretti much just like all the other . I guess when school start , I will love it again . anyway , let see , what is happen today . martha stewart is get urllink sentenc today . hmm.. urllink I , robot is come out . well , that about all I can think of at 5:46 in the morn . night , night . 
urllink blame the video game ! ! : P 
urllink hahahahahhahahahahahahahhah 
urllink yahoo ! new - soccer team to wear 'spider man 2 ' jersey ... . I will wear ani damn shirt you want me to for 6 million buck , or ... for twenti . 
urllink blake 's blog : the offici blog Of the offici countdown timer To school I 'm bore , so free plug for blake 
trillian > urllink thi 
urllink thi is now my wallpap on my laptop . 
urllink thi is a pretti damn big plane . 
shaq is urllink head to the heat . 
whi could n't urllink thi ever happen to me ? ? 
I have noth to write about , go away . 
go into work at 8 am blow . especi when you slept about one hour . Oh well at least I am just here for four hour . yay . after thi I do n't have to work until thursday , yeeeeeeeee . 
urllink usatoday.com - fall TV offer 19-day footbal streak 
just as I 'm about to go to sleep about 8 am , I get a call to work 10-12 ... wtf . So here I am for two damn hour . good news for you howev , expect some more link from me thi morn . 
urllink eddi georg fuck blow anyway . have fun on the bench bitch . 
urllink duke is give everi student an ipod ... kick ass . someth duke doe , and I actual like it . wow . 
fuck that ! I have pocket ace and everybodi fold but me and one other person . the flop come ... k-a-7 .. gg I go all in so doe he . turn come .. 8 last card.. he ha to have a king to win . it A fuck king . daaaaaaaaammmmmmmmmmiiiiiiiiittttttttt . 5:15 PM ultimatebet tournament 968th out of 2500 . 
I am so addict to urllink ultim bet right now . I must play in 2-3 tournament a day and play on mani , mani differ tabl when there are no tournment happen . So you should go download the softwar and play with me , caus I 'm great . 
I am so damn tire right now . I am about to pass out at work : ( bah . 
fuck off bitch . 
urllink gotcha ! 
