So I head off to the gym a littl late thi morn , so I do n't think I should be bitch about other peopl be a lazi ass in the gym . but thi is my blog , so I 'm entitl to write whatev I want : - ) one good thing about gold 's gym is that they have ambl equip . It is almost like you never need to be in line for anyth no matter how mani peopl there are . So I wa go through my set of bench press . In between my 2nd and my third set , thi guy came over to me and start bench at my station while I stood close by . that just intrigu me . I mean there were probabl 4-5 other bench close by with bar readi to go , yet thi guy still have to use the one I wa use . what is up with that ? may be he like the idea that the weight are all setup alreadi and readi to go . hell , it is just 2 25lbs-weight and not 20 45lbs-weight that lui use . just grab 2 from a close by rack and slap them on to anoth station . you troubl yourself to come workout in the morn so that you can get off your lazi ass , but you are too lazi to setup your on weight . thi is just one of the thing that will never make sens to me . Oh , one more thing . when he is final done hi onli set , I have to wipe hi disgust sweat off my bench . I hate the feel of other peopl 's sweat . 
I have final taken more initi at work by request a home system . At last , I will be abl to do some real work at home on a screen that is of a more reason size . I have been do work from home on my laptop and it ha not been product at all . hope , I can becom more of a workahol that constanc alreadi claim I am . In addit to that I have also took my work desktop to the IT desk thi afternoon to get it fix . It ha been hang on me too frequent and I have decid to settl it onc and for all . At least I hope thi will be the case . thi further reinforc my belief that have a great IT support team is veri import to the product of a compani . 
I 'm go to start collect resourc on the internet about visual effect and imageri . I think these are some of the topic I find veri interest . I would love to pursu in find out more in thi field and get my hand dirti in some experi . here are some great resous I have collect recent . urllink paul debevec urllink henrik wann jensen urllink advanc graphic algorithm urllink the face detector urllink stanford 's digit imag process cours ( ee368 ) urllink use gpu for general-purpos comput 
I 'm pretti sure everi blog will have thi first post messag . I 'm just go to go with the tradit : - ) let 's just see how dedic I can be to maintain an inform blog for my famili and friend . wish me luck in my brave new adventur in the great blog world . 
