OK here 's my contribut ... .. the three texan three texa surgeon were talk ... . one of them said , `` I 'm the best surgeon in texa . A concert pianist lost 7 finger in an accid , I reattach them , and 8 month later he perform a privat concert for the queen of england . '' one of the other said . `` that 's noth . A young man lost both arm and leg in an automobil accid outsid houston , I reattach them , and 2 year later he won a gold medal in field event in the olymp . '' the third surgeon said , `` you guy are amateur . sever year ago a cowboy who wa high on cocain and alcohol rode a hors head-on into a train travel 80 mile an hour . all I had left to work with wa the hors 's ass , a pile of horseshit and a cowboy hat . now he 's presid of the unit state . '' and on the other side ... ... thi test onli ha one question , but it 's a veri import one . pleas do n't answer it without give it some veri seriou thought . By give an honest answer you will be abl to test where you stand moral . the test featur an unlik , complet fiction situat , where you will have to make a decis one way or the other . rememb that your answer need to be honest , yet spontan . pleas read slowli and consid each line - thi is import for the test to work accur . your test : you 're in florida . . . In miami , to be exact . there is great chao go on around you , caus by a hurrican and sever flood . . . . there are huge mass of water all over you . . . . you are a newsweek photograph and you are in the middl of thi great disast . the situat is nearli hopeless . you 're tri to shoot veri impress photo . there are hous and peopl float around you , disappear into the water . natur is show all it destroy power and is rip everyth away with it . you see a man in the water ; he is fight for hi life , tri not to be taken away by the mass of water and mud . you move closer . somehow the man look familiar . suddenli you know who it is - it 's john kerri ! At the same time you notic that the rage water are about to take him away , forev . you have two option . you can save him ... Or , you can take the best photo of your life . So you can save the life of john kerri , or you can shoot a pulitz prize win photo -- - a uniqu photo display the death of one of the countri 's most `` power '' men . and so , here 's the question ... pleas be honest ... would you select color film , or rather go with the simplic of classic black and white ? see..a littl someth for all of us . I 'm so not in everyon 's leagu at thi blog so , I 'll resum the role as comic relief . like it or not I do have the right to post here . giggl giggl . 
man kerri goe sking and lock up the democrat nomin and the news just stop . It 's not like there is n't lot of ammunit . how about the guy bush put in charg of make more job ? yep , the one that had just close hi u.s. factori and close otu 75 job onli to reopen in china with 180 job . dumbass much ? I 'm not understand how we 're suppos to believ the junk they throw out . I actual heard one of them say that send job oversea wa akin to comput replac typewrit . come ON . have they never studi the logic of argument ? comput replac typewrit is a function of higher technolog replac older tech . move job oversea is about greedi , bloodsuck asshol that care onli about themselv and the dollar over the worker . It 's about save 1/4 of one cent so that the stock price can creep up ; someth that onli matter to the rich son a bitch that own thousand of share of stock . jobless recoveri my achin ass . 
