Oh my god . sometim that 's all I got to say when I get to thi place . she 's wear a simpl beig strapless dress with danger heel . that would be savannah . she adjust it as she walk away . holi crap . now I 've got a crick in my neck . So begin tonight 's talent report . It 's take me a moment to scan the rest of the girl becaus I keep look up and she 's still walk around . It 's like a tunnel vision . OK , she 's behind the bar . vision clear . there 's luan . I 've seen thi dress befor , and it wa one that she wore one even that wa ident to savannah 's . It 's clingi black with white lace on the shoulder and for littl flap on the bottom at the front and back . It draw the eye in all the right direct and there 's that crick again . and now savannah 's back just stand in front of me , pose , hip jut , teas the fella 's at the tabl across the way befor she hand over the checker board , or whatev it is they play here . ok. she just went behind the bar again , so I should be abl to refocu and find tee . I saw tee out of the corner of my eye a minut ago , there . tee , no glass tonight , and dark eye makeup . A sultri look for her , as she 's usual bounci and bright . I can see the chang sinc she 's been here , learn the rope , pick it up in the outfit depart . In the begin you could see the struggl to find someth to wear to fit in . the real differ between thi place and the few other like it that I 've occas , is that these girl dress like women , not girl . she 's in black , and she 's done someth with her short hair , kinda wild . It 's good . the dress ha strap tie behind her neck , and there is a small v cut into the top in front . some spanish style frill at the back ad some appreci volum to the back yard , a littl flounci someth to follow around with the old eyebal . I now spi tina sit behind the bar with savannah . It look like white from here . I 'll have to wait a minut or two for full disclosur . minut 's up . tina ca n't wear a bad thing , and she 's not . It 's a white top with spaghetti strap pair with a light blue and white print skirt . veri feminin . pretti . ruffl in the same materi on the bottom . long thin stem stolen from a coupl of champagn glass . I 'm hipmotyz . but savannah win . hand down . tonight . It 's nice that tonight ha been such a special effort for my entertain , becaus , folk , thi will be the last bulletin from the front line for at least a week . I 'm head out of town , and though it will be a good trip , it will be that much less , becaus I ca n't take thi place with me . No wireless . not even broadband . No coffe banana shake . No rocket fuel dope coffe . No big screen laker game . and no insan hot vietnames girl serv me tea . I 'm bring my own smoke so I wo n't go bankrupt buy them there , but I can smoke damn near anywher , for the moment , which is the last redeem valu of the land call jersey . I would weep , but I do n't want my view distort until I have to drive home . It look like the evil sack-o-tomato king are lose to the buck . ye ! time to check the stand . all right . If the laker can win tomorrow without kobe , the king are beatabl for first place . not like , but second place is for sure not out of reach . If the laker finish strong it should shake the king up just enough to make them easier to kill , especi if the whole wreck crew is healthi , or at least out of jail for the showdown . back when I first heard about the new lineup last year , I laugh out loud for day . thi wa n't fair to the other team . who could have predict the wacki meltdown that includ kobe face life in prison ? I know , I know , anybodi who 's been watch for more than two season . but realli , it 's nutti , no ? ciao for niao . 
I have been ponder the wisdom of link to my other blog . yesterday I did it in a post . now I 'm go to put it on the blogrol . the two blog are pretti differ , thi one be the more fun and silli of the two , at least that wa the plan . but , what the fuck , sometim thing happen that I ca n't keep my mouth shut about . So just like glenn reynold doe , and that fellow lilek , I 'm link to the other place that nobodi read and I do n't get paid for . talent report : ( even though I 'm actual wait for Ed to get here so we can go get some chow ) . It 's tee work the glass . It 's white night and she 's got the high collar blous on as well as farm girl , who took my order tonight for the first time ever . I had to ask her to wipe the crap off the tabl though so it would n't get all over the laptop . luan the sweet came over and made the same hand motion that I made to farm girl , smile , and set me up . I heart luan . savannah , miss vietnam is in tonight look smash as is the no longer mysteri youngster . I found out the other night while sit at the bar and eavesdrop that spring break is come up , which mean we get to see more of her . Um , more mean more of the time . she 's still a 'good girl , ' and her famili come to pick her up after her shift , which end long befor the place close . the laker are play the buck and the game is pretti close at the half . savannah just told me that she want pasta . It 's all about the pasta . It look like I 'm go to squeez Ed to go get italian tonight . I do n't know ani good italian place down here , I have to go to eagl rock ( pizza , hmm ) or burbank for pasta and veal . anybodi read from the east coast know that you can spit in ani direct in ny/nj and have it hit a decent pizza joint , and you can hit a decent italian restaur with a stone from the same spot . It doe n't work that way in l.a . I can count on one hand the decent place , ( I have six finger on my left hand ) and two of them are mucho lira . euro . I must have not seen the score well enough , the laker are up by ten at the begin of the third . I 'll post later if Ed scare up a nice plate of spaghetti and meat ball . 
poor courtney love is be bandi about the urllink press ( courtesi of the charm gail ) [ Ed . what , no link ? -hey , she wo n't get a damn blog , want her email ? ] . It 's hard to be a rock and roller these day . everyon stare if you whip a tit out . It use to be just good plain fun , like when whatsernam did gig wear noth but electr tape ( ouch-that must have hurt ) . now , whether you are the sister of the king o pop or just a poor rock and roll widow , peopl talk . I think though , that we 've becom jade . the first thing I read about when JJ flop her stud pancak onto the tube wa , `` they 're not real , '' and then , `` they are real , just look at them . '' In courtney 's case , they are so-not-r I would recommend a lawsuit . I know stripper that have su for less , and they 're not even porn star . they did a reason job on her mug , but the boob ? ugh . It 's a mockeri of the femal form . So kid , just lay off will ya ? If you had to look at those thing in the mirror everi day , what would you do ? she 's share , and as the shrinki class would say , that 's good . Go ahead courtney , get it off your chest . liter . get a new doctor . 
boy , I just finish one of my devast polit piec on the other blog . My brain get sore when I take on the power special interest and polit class and the major media and all the other guy that rule the world . I 'm just lucki , I guess , that the onli other blog that I know of that get read less than that urllink one is thi one . otherwis the keeper of the patriot act would find me despit the tin foil and sentenc me to week of indoctrin read the new york time . frighten . but , as it were , I 'm safe here at Lu 's , slop whip cream and banana into my mouth . It 's crowd again on thi love southern california even . As you might have guess if you 've been pay attent , I 'm enjoy anoth coffee/banana shake , courtesi of the love savannah . I 'm kind of stuf in the middl of the crowd tonight , as both the corner and bar are occupado . It actual feel as cramp as a cross countri continent airlin cattl flight . It 's not , of cours , be that I 'm not burn someon 's elbow with my cigarett . speak of which . I get to fli the veri satisfactori urllink jet blue to the motherland of new jersey thi come wednesday even . the moment I touch down , the street price of a pack of righteou smoke doubl . and that 's just new york . when I get to jersey a carton of mud run a bargain minimum of 45 smackeroo . they must pay well there . So , it occur to me to provid a public servic to all the suffer smoker ( no-not the one suffer from lung cancer-th one still breath ) . Go urllink here . No , realli , go urllink here dummi . I now smoke pall mall . filter . Do n't laugh until you 've tri them . I smoke mud ( marlboro ) for 25 year , until I decid in a fit of piqu to quit . when I inevit recommenc puf , I had the wacki idea to chang brand , and hit upon the idea of camel filter . I 've alway experi with the occasion dunhil , winston or parliament , and the camel were pretti good , and young peopl stare and hip peopl turn me on to chesterfield and , I must say , it wa my wild year of smoke . that last about 5 year ( the mad had to end ) until a wild hair told me to ask the tobacconist what els wa worthwhil . bingo . `` burn like a marlboro , draw like a camel . '' Or the other way around . that wa the pitch , and a buck cheaper . `` they 're new , the filter . '' I bought a pack , and the rest is smoki blue histori . If you click on the link abov you will find that a carton cost $ 19.99 . No shit . they 'll even ship to the motherland . they do n't have all the brand . My buddi ca n't get non-filt camel , and hi friend ca n't get taryton , but if your purs is get light , and you 're in the land of no-fault insur and the subsequ surcharg , click boy click ! I now return you to your regularli schedul program , and I 'll return to my shake . and I mean that in the best way . 
one of the difficulti that occasion aris when you hang out in a place where most peopl do n't speak your languag is that someon ultim tri to do so anyway . I have a new pal jame . He ha one of those handspr urllink phone that he just got today and wa show it off with some of the thickest engrish that I 've heard in some time . the problem wa that he actual know the languag , and speak as fast as a teenag girl on a new cellphon . `` what ? '' As I shake my head in incomprehens . I did find out that he 's go to take a class to learn how to use the dadblurn thing . He 's also a photograph . I gave him Ed 's phone number and email from hi web site . jame got all excit when I show him Ed 's custom race steer wheel . just for the halibut , here 's Ed 's urllink site Go urllink here to see hi custom mold to your own damn grimi hand steer wheel . It 's the round thing on the left . It 's after 11 PM and I 've alreadi burn through one batteri and I 'm now on the crappi one that ca n't make up it mind about when it 's go to crap out . usual it 's at about 30 % , but late it 's been disappear my screen at around 40 % . I 'm at 70 % now , so finish thi post should be no problem . I hope . the place is still half full , which is unusu , as after a laker game it normal becom a ghost town . mayb it be friday ha someth to do with it . Do n't these peopl have live ? My other new friend is the secur guard . It 's alway good to be friend with the secur guard . just so 's I can continu to be friend with him I 'll stop blog about him now caus he 's sit right next to me . later . 
I sat at the bar tonight , friday , as it 's damn crowd in here . the mysteri youngster took my order , and , lo and behold , savannah deliv it with , `` there . that 's what a drink is suppos to look like . '' I must agre , but , of cours , I left the camera at home . let me describ it to you-creami chocol mocha in color , swirl o whip cream with slice banana arrang tast around one side , spoon and straw not quit opposit , cherri perch with author , with the stem just off-set in my direct for easi pluck . yummi ! coffe banana ! thi is all top off by be seat just abov the rest of the crowd under one of the smaller TV 's that nobodi pay attent to , with a view into the kitchen where the gal work da liquid culinari magic of the far east meet west coast west . babi coffe girl behind the counter ha a rock disposit , if you know what I mean , dress all hostess-lik with a mid calf length skirt and conserv , yet sleeveless top . the big girl are all wear some version of denim . two have serious abbrevi daisi duke , two have elimin all pretext of short by make micro mini out of what use to be short , and one ha ad a pleat bottom that move all dizzy-lik ( wait , that 's me that 's get dizzi ) . the pleat one is my girl tee . she 's sport the eyewear again tonight , obvious opt to see , but hit the repress librarian note on pitch . tina , superstar that she is , is wear a thick pink stud belt about half the width of her micro . It 's 0-2 laker v clipper , the game just start , all is right with the world . later . immedi and import updat : savannah just bent over to reveal that she manag to fit short under her skirt to preserv her virtu just in case she slip and goe leg akimbo . thank you jesu . further updat : dereck fischer is off the hook ! 
I must be lame . I 'm home again with a gut full of pizza . the new kind from pizza hut with the four squar that you can have all differ way . It 's kinda cool actual . for crap pizza , that is . I went to Lu 's thi morn with Ed . Ed is the white guy that goe to Lu 's in the morn ; I 'm the white guy that goe to Lu 's in the even . that 's how you can tell us apart . but we figur we could play a trick on the girl and see if they would mix us up . It 's differ in the morn . I insist that we sit outsid in the sun , mostli to prove to myself that I am not turn into a vampir like my friend 's wife ha been claim recent , but also becaus I felt slightli concern about Ed 's smoke inhal factor . the last time we went togeth in the even , Ed had to take a ten minut break outsid to hack the littl black lugi out . It wa realli crowd that night and I must have decid it wa a chain smoke event , and as he went from pale to green he mumbl someth about 'air ' and stumbl toward the door . problem is , thi morn Ed almost strain a neck muscl turn and peer in the door at the girl . As I do n't think he ha medic insur , I think he would rather die a slow death from asphyxi than not be abl to lick the candi with hi eye nice part of the day is I saw my mean littl minx with the infinit long leg , jeanni . I had grown accustom to see jeanni in the even , and then she up and disappear . turn out she wa onli fill in on night . As well as be one of the more gorgeou of the ladi , she ha an on/off mean switch that ha to be experienc . she doe not suffer fool , nor feau-pax , and I have left there with flesh wound from a violent glanc after question one of her drink . she wa my favorit until she vanish . My new favorit , savannah , ha pronounc that she will make my next drink , becaus the last one that I had , look terribl . you can see a pictur of it in a post below . befor I left the other night she had notic my camera , and I show her the pictur I took . I promis that the moment I get her to pose for me , you will be , um , inform . may as well spell check thi thing , and to post . cheer . 
I 've decid to take the night off and stay at home . I know . slacker , loser , whatev . but I do plan to watch the second half of the laker game in a few minut . which bring me to your consol prize . urllink here are the minnesota timberwolv danc team . they do n't play the laker at home again thi regular season , so you wo n't see them ( the danc team , dummi ) unless you 're a local . highli recommend . 
sad day today . chuck nile , the urllink voic of jazz in l.a. die last night . I heard it on the radio on the way home from Lu 's last night . He die peac . here tonight I 'm work on some embarass pictur of my friend mike 's wife wash my car . It goe without say that she 'll never do it again , but it 's fun to make fun . As proof of work my finger to the bone I provid the follow pictur of my typic even offic scene , minu of cours , the hard work girl that endeavor to serv me sustan , as I do n't want them to throw me out . thi is also an experi in my html skill to see if I can actual get these pictur to post on the blog . for Ed , the even talent report ( to be a regular featur , as Ed need to know ) as follow : tee , look love in some dress of some color that I forget the name of . mauv ? who know ? they add a drop of blue and discov a new color that I have n't a clue . thi is from a sculptor , not a painter . 2D is still veri confus to me . luan is in a black number with lace fring on the shoulder and in two patch on the back and front of the bottom , veri sexi . thi is doubli nice becaus savannah is wear the exact same outfit . bloodi twin . there is also the dull one . I onli call her that becaus she doe n't speak a lick of english , and doe n't appear that she want to . she subsequ present a blank look as she walk by . Ed and I think that she 's a farmgirl from the old countri . she get along well enough with the local . well , back to work . I 'm also go to work on the short stori tonight . I 'm kind of stuck , and I need to make some sort of breakthrough soon , or I 'm go to junk it , or file it somewher on the comput that it will turn up a year from now dure one of my `` what the fuck is thi ? '' phase as I clear out the hard drive . updat : wtf happen to the second pictur ? It look like I appli some kind of artsi photoshop filter to it . I did n't . I just made it smaller than it wa so it would load on the site faster . Oh well , next time . 
