I Do n't care if nobodi love Me after tomorrow night , film histori will be made . perhap the most violent most sadist film ever made will hit theater , and the church will be there in the thousand . I have follow the product of the passion of the christ ever sinc mel gibson announc hi plan last year . the buzz around thi film is mind-numb sometim . It seem like everyon ha someth to say about it , and I have read at least 300 articl on thi thing in the past 5 month . I think that mel gibson ha given us a wonder gift , and god ha bless thi product immens . the biggest question that peopl seem to wonder about would be : Is the film anti-semit ? that 's total bullshit ! I have onli heard that argument onc a few year ago , and I found it laughabl . So to even hear the adl and mr. foxman complain about gibson 's movi , it make me sick to my stomach . now , are the jew respons for kill jesu ? No , the human race is respons . the bibl clearli state our deprav and our need for god . christ willingli let himself be arrest , scourg , condemn and crucifi , all for the sake of mine and your sin . now if you want to get technic , the jewish sanhedrin conspir to kill jesu , and pilat gave the order to crucifi him , howev , thi doe not give anyon right to constitut blame to one , or ani specif peopl group . I would n't blame the jew as a peopl group for kill jesu , ani more than I would blame the german for the holocaust . now , as of late I have been read about all these church rent out theater on open night . It seem at least around my area that if you do n't belong to a local church , your shit outta luck in go to see the passion for the next few day . If you can not tell , thi idea bother me . here whi ... ... ... thi movi , although blatantli christian , wa not made in order for evangel to final get off their ass and go to the movi . It wa not made for church to rent out theater for their congreg to have a wednesday night servic ! It wa not made `` for us , by us '' , even though I think everi christian should be out there support thi film . I just do n't think rent out movi theater is the way to go about it . pay your admiss price and stand in line like everyon els ! By thi next statement , mani of you will promptli disagre with me , but I do not think that we christian should be tri to claim thi film for ourselv . here is what I mean by that : modern christian cinema ha given us badli written , candi coat shit like left behind and the omega code . they shi away from be realist for fear of be offens , or wors ... receiv an `` R '' rate . and we all know that good christian do not go see R- rate film , beacaus they are evil . ( let 's just casual ignor the fact that the bibl is r-rate in some part , and sex , murder , and violenc is frequent in it 's page ) So we have trade realism for a fals pharisee-lik moral , when it come to film . there is no one in the `` christian '' film industri that would have had the ball to make the passion the way that gibson ha done . I think all the media influenc would have shut the project down , god forbid we offend someon . mayb I am be too harsh and perhap even offens to some , but my view is ... .someon ha to . I do not like , nor support the idea of modern evangel rent out movi theater and make wit pack in conjuct with the releas of the film . prais the film . Go see the film . take unsav peopl to see the film . but let the power of the gospel do it 's job , you do n't have to eas it along . gibson 's film , from what I can tell , present the gospel in a remark way , use one of the most effect medium in our modern world . No one will leav thi film unchang . visual , the trailer have given me chill , and I know that thi will be the most move portray of christ that ha ever been produc , and I strongli feel like we need to let the gospel speak for itself . the truth is never sexi , so it 's not an easi sell you can dress her like the cultur , and she 'll shock em just as well she do n't need an apolog for be who she is and she do n't need your help make enemi . -derek webb 
I wreck My car I am pleas to announc that my car is total . I am ok though , although I think I should be dead right now . I onli hurt my shoulder and I have a scrape on my head , so thank god I am fine . If you know anyon give away a car , or alot of money , let me know . sinc then I have been hum a dave matthew tune about a car crash . So damn lucki everyth 's differ My head in the cloud I hit thi corner with my foot on the ga I start slide , I lose it everyth 's differ just like that Oh my god , wait and see what will soon becom of me ? frozen heart scream wheel doe that scream come from me ? So damn lucki , that you went on ahead you said , you said `` I 'll see you later ... '' I heard what you said a few minut later now I 'm slide and everyth 's differ again Oh my god , wait and see what will soon becom of me ? thi frozen heart scream wheel doe that scream come from me ? I 'm dizzi from all thi spin now I 'm think that you did all you could when you said `` My love take it slowli ... '' `` Ok , '' is what I said Oh my god , wait and see what will soon becom of me ? thi frozen heart scream wheel doe that scream come from me ? take me back , 'caus just befor I wa spin take me back , to befor I got dizzi take me back , amaz what a minut can do just like you So , so , slide , slide , up , around , around , around amaz what a minut can do around , around , around `` forgiv me '' , `` Ok . '' 
introduct I love do thing on a whim . I retir from my old blog in order to focu on write a screenplay , and yet here I am again . quit frankli , I still had alot to say , but I do n't think my retir from To whom wa prematur . It wa someth I need to do , the site wa run veri well , and I know I left it in veri capabl hand . now I find myself want to head in a new direct with my post , and I am start thing slow and simpl ... .henc the site name . the blog snob are go to hate me , becaus I do n't have a pretti templat , which is fine by me . link and comment will be up shortli , and hope someth good will come of thi site eventu . My goal is to be abl to express myself and my view in a coher manner , without hold back on anyth . hope I will becom bold and controversi , and perhap even offens at some point . Do n't worri though , there will be some comic relief as well , if for anyth els but to make me laugh . A big focu on here will be artist express , espec in the area of film make . I plan on write quit a few articl on film in the come week . My ten list is as follow : oscar pick the christian and film controversi in movi `` passion of the christ '' film review most like none of these will get written , but it 's fun to make list is n't it ? I am sure there will also be some post detail my mundan life , so I am sure there will be someth for everyon . ( insert evil laughter here ) 
here at the end of all thing My hand are tie and I am helpess My emot are drain unabl to feel , or think My mind ha been eras by circumst there is noth long night are escap onli by fit sleep dark my onli compani It drown out my silent scream while it cover me like a blanket there is noth I wish tomorrow could start So that it could be over with day run togeth , with noth to eas thi suffer slow suicid of happi give way to apathi there is noth 
My girlfriend wrote thi My beauti and amaz girlfriend kate wrote thi littl poem . I realli like it , and thought it wa veri beauti . So here it is . alway look life in the face and accept it for what it is accept it beauti . are you aliv ? sometim we lose ourselv for so long we are no longer live life is hurt and pain , it pictur and glimps of happi but most of all it beauti . we never slow down and let the music of life just fill our ear listen to the amaz word it tell us . you can choos your death or you can choos life . it a beauti onli enhanc by it difficulti to realiz it . all thing good or bad , make a piec of live art . 
beauti brutal I have sat down mani time to write thi , and I havent been abl to find the word . last wednesday night I went to see the passion of the christ . I sat for two emot drane hour , watch the most horrif beauti film I have ever seen . I wa transfix on the screen , I couldnt physic move , or even cri . all I did wa sit and experinc it . after it wa over , I just sat there ... tri to digest what I had just seen . I wa silent for about 30 minut after it wa over . I couldnt even talk about the movi , I wa so affect by it . tho imag are burn into my brain forev , and I am grate for it . christ 's love for a horribl person like me ... ..it amaz me . I do n't know whi He saw someth in me that made all that suffer worth it . I am an unfaith whore , more focus on what make ME happi , than what god would have me do . I would n't have die for somon as ungrat as I am . yet someth els reson beyond all the suffer christ went through : love . He did all of that..becaus He love me , and everyon els in the world . I feel so unworthi of that love , it 's someth that I take for grant everi day I live . thank , god 's grace is unend , and that how I can continu to go on . dispit all my failur ( and there are mani ) , He look beyond all of that and love me anyway . It 's beauti , and humbl at the same time . watch the passion realli put me in my place , in a sens anyway . I can still close my eye and see the blood and hear the whip and the hammer . It wa an amaz experinc see thi film , and I do not have the word to discrib it . all I can say is how it ha affect me . god 's hand wa on thi movi , and everyon should go see thi film . It is bloodi , violent and veri hard to watch , but go see it . If thi film doe n't move you , and make you re-evalu thing , then your way more stubborn in your way than I am . Go see it , and give me some feedback on what your thought are . 
willi wonka 's school of rock late I have been listen to alot of music , and buy alot of cheap cd 's from record store . In the past month I have gotten over 20 cd 's ... I think . music is so import to me , and it speak to me in a way that no art form could . peopl ask me all the time whi I am not in a band , or write music , and to be honest , I didnt alway have an answer . I think I have the talnet for it , but I alway end up feel trite or clich when I write someth . I could never mimic the open honesti of bob dylan , or be as poignant as U2 , and never even come close to the music virtuos of the dave matthew band . lyric I could never match the deep , brood lyric of pedro the lion , or the theolog infus song of derek webb . I would feel like a fish tri to swim upstream , fight to find my place among the great one . mayb that whi I do n't push myself to do more music . then there the music industri ... ... if you can call it that . over the past 50 or so year that rock ha been a form of music , thing have chang so much . It seem like someth is miss from popular music today . It all seem a littl too glamor , mayb a littl too skin happi ? It seem to be alot more about sell a product , than it is about express yourself . now it seem to be about radio singl and shock everyon than it is about get on stage and play you heart out . today 's musician would rather bare their bodi than their soul . whi do I live in a cultur where britney spear can lip lock madonna and no one even blink ? whi is it ok for justin timberlak to rip of janet jackson 's cloth and give the fcc a heart attack ? what the hell ha happen to music ? It 's not even about the music anymor , it 's about the show . mtv is singlehandedli destroy music , and doe n't even notic . I guess thi is whi I have divorc myself from what would be consid popular music . I wan na see artist step up and express themselv . whi doe n't anyon dream anymor ? where is the john lennon and bob dylan of today ? I want someth a littl deeper than `` I wan na rock your bodi '' but mayb that just me . most of today 's cultur would not agre with me at all , sinc the music is so catchi . It just realli sadden me , I wish peopl would think about the valu of music , and becom a littl deeper in what they listen to . I wan na see some dreamer again in the world of music . We are the music maker , we are the dreamer of dreams- willi wonka 
thi song is realli good , check it out . urllink dashboard confession : : new : `` vindic for all ... may 18 , 2004 download now ! As featur on the spiderman 2 soundtrack - dashboard confession is pleas to offer our fan the music and love to spread . enjoy ! '' 
