I just do n't understand how all of these minor - black , immigr , women - got the right to vote . now , despit how despic they may be , black and immigr are a topic for anoth time , right now : women . women just do n't realli need to vote . everybodi know that all that they do [ or should do , at least ] all day is sit around the hous and take care of the children while cook and watch soap opera . they are n't inform of polit issu , they do n't know what is go on in the world . and , by golli , they should not be . just think , if these femal start watch the news they would stop take care of our nation , under god 's children . In addit to thi , everi singl time the woman ha sexual relat [ becaus , you see , the averag woman is a whore . everi good christian know that one should onli have sex for procreat and one should never enjoy it . that 's against god 's way . ] it 's equival to her sell her vote . becaus everybodi know that women do n't realli think , they just latch on to other ' opinion . So if thi hypothet woman wa have sexual intercours with a man out of wedlock [ obvious they are liber becaus onli liber have premarit sex . thi is anoth instanc that the death penalti would come in handi ] and he whisper in her ear , `` Oh woman with whom I am fornic , wo n't you pleas vote for that liber candid john kerri ? '' she would do it . thi is not the way to a good democrat system . In anoth grow trend , women are get entir too uppiti late . now they want to kill their babi and get upset when the good christian of our nation tell them that thi is unaccept behaviour . As one of my fellow author point our ina previou post , life - as well as the soul - is form at concept and if is the worst sin ever to take a human life . these babi killer , anti-lif liber are just the sourc of all evil in the world . masturb is also , as a comment point out , `` evil and unnatur '' . when peopl masturb it is exactli like kill children . and everybodi know whi the liber want to kill children . becaus they are afraid that the children will grow up to be good law-abid republican christian in our unit state under god our holi master of america . just anoth string of exampl of whi liber are the agent of lucif , the devil and enemi of our lord . 
[ thi is a special guest submiss by our dear friend justin , who is obvious brilliant just like me . ] On may 22 , the world health organ succumb to the mass liber jewish gay conspiraci and rais the threat level of god 's smite upon the gay , aid , to a higher level . although they have not offici been induct into the axi of evil , it seem to onli be a matter of time . show onc again their uncanni abil to buckl under even the slightest of pressur , who show yet anoth step in the increasingli slipperi slope of liber infect us in america today . cite work by Dr lee jong-wook , a suspect arab sympath , the liberal-lean `` intern '' organ sought to overcom the `` stigma '' and `` discrimin '' of have hiv or aid . thi is where I must disagre . aid is god 's punish upon homosexu , and ani stigma it incur is well deserv . after all , in a recent conduct studi , over 90 % of america 's favor a heterosexu presid over a homosexu presid . disturb god 's natur order would be like stick a veri person part of your bodi into a beehiv - of cours , I would n't put it past liber 's like bill clinton ! offici from who also spoke about the need to `` prevent and treat hiv/aid . '' well , yeah , if by `` prevent '' you mean `` stop engag in homosexu sex '' and by `` treat '' you mean `` hellfir and damnat . '' you say your averag american doe n't know thi ? well I 'll be darn , and the public school system wa do so well ! sorri to bore all of you that pay attent to fox new with thi - I know you alreadi know . 
anoth thing that is terribl wrong with liber : they allow websit like urllink erowid.org to exist . As we all know , marijuana is the scourg of the devil . It steal young children from their religi belief and lead them down the path of drug abus and whatnot . they start smoke the marijuana and they enter the forbidden dark gateway of harder drug . they start steal and they can onli have fun by mess up their brain function . Is thi what you want for the futur of our popul ? A bunch of dope up zombi wander around look for their next fix ? I believ in the deaht penalti and I believ in it for drug user . their type should not be welcom in our unit state under our lord jesu Of america . 
I come back here to make anoth go at free peopl from their terribl liber view and , what do I see but a comment claim that gay peopl can not get marri . well , my friend , there you are incorrect . As urllink orson scott card said , homosexu certainli can get marri , they just must find a member of the opposit sex will to marri them . It 's as easi as that . also , the 1st and 14th amend may protect you but not if you 're break the law . unless you are in one of the state where urllink engag in homosexu behaviour is legal , you realli have no protect there . the profil of the comment claim that he is move to kansa in juli , if thi realli is the case , I 'd liek to declar that I am from kansa and I know for a fact that be homosexu is illeg in our great and nobl state . I can also see that the liber are not onli scumbag but also wimp . they hide behind their 'anonym ' name in the comment of our great weblog thu show that they can not realli stand up and declar their true opinion without attempt to disguis themselv . If your view were worthwhil you would not state them anonym . 
As ani good christian know , clone is evil becaus clone do not have soul . onli peopl born natur have soul , and they get these soul at the moment of concept when they becom real peopl just like you and me . ( unless you are a democrat , they do n't have soul ) now , those of you who know anyth about me know that I think tri to save endang speci or protect the environ is a veri bad idea . It would cost good , christian , corpor a lot of money , and if god want all the anim to live he would n't have made them so delici , or their habitat so fun to destroy . now you are probabl wonder , what do these two evil , clone and the environ , have to do with each other ? well , I 'll show you . some crazi liber have combin the two to commit the most heinou of sin , urllink clone panda ! ! I find thi appal , natur . It 's unnaturali and against the will of god ! first of all , panda are chines and therefor they are communist athiest bear ! they are not worthi of save ! and even if they were save gloriou bald eagl , that would not justifi tri to play god with their evil , secular , scienc ! 
A previou comment rather rude point out to me that america not follow the geneva convent `` make us look like bulli to the rest of the world . '' My question to you , my conserv friend and liber enemi , is , whi should n't america be a bulli ? everybodi know that all of those littl worthless third-world countri such as zimbabw , franc , iraq , afganistan , and england would not get by if not for us ! who do they export their good to ? who give them aid when thye need it ? who pay for them when they can not pick up a resteraunt bill ? ye . that is all the holi unit conserv state of america . If you are not with us , you are against us . that is the way it 's been sinc thi great countri wa start and thi is the way it shall alway be . also , of cours bush is a war hero . He is send american to fight in iraq becaus he is too busi lead the countri . If he wa not lead the countri , our great and nobl america , then all realli would be lost . We could not surviv if we did not have him for presid . thi is whi he , himself , can not go and fight . He is too patriot to do that . anoth thing about the liber that I absolut hate . waht is it with their insist that `` under god '' should be taken out of the pledg of alliegi ? I mean , if the founder of thi countri had not wnted it there , thi would nt ohav put it there . what next ? take our holi lord , saviour of mankind , and holi father , our god off of money ? out of god bless america ? what will these liber want ? We alreadi know that if we give them an inch they 'll next want a countri . those liber scumbag . they should have been the fisrt to be put in the concentr camp . 
If those hippi liber have their way , gay wo n't just be invad our home on `` will and grace '' , but they 'll be invad the holi sanctiti of marriag ! urllink sign the petit and urllink buy a t-shirt to show those sodomit what we think ! 
I wa read a print version of fox new the other day and I heard of terribl atroc be commit in our great nation . By liber . the gay are marri each other in massachusett ; kansa , the one state that anybodyin the old day could reli on for good , old-fashin conserv behaviour , vote against an amend ban gay marriag , and all of the unit state is in shambl . becaus of the liber . that john kerri charact is tri to defeat our great lord and war hero , georg W. bush . If that is n't the darndest thing then I just do n't know what is . georg W. bush stood up to those damn iraqi terrorist that caus septemeb 11th ( along with the homosexu , of cours ) and those islam deserv waht they got from our nobl american forc in the middle-east . they got noth more or less than what they deserv . let 's not forget that they brutal chop off the head of one of our american and bombd our world trade center . everbodi who is anybodi know that thi kerri monster is a fraud , anyway . He threw hi medal at the white hous to protest the vietnam war . but , you know , he wa greedi and did n't realli throw the medal that he 'd earn ( earn by lie and cheat , that is . unlik our georg W. bush who want the war in viet-nam ) he threw copi of the medal or just the ribbon . waht a fraud . He make me sick . that kerri bastard . wow , I wa listen to the radio today and some of that music should realli be ban . It 's just profan . I dont see how anybodi can be allow to listen to it . all of their eupham for the privat part of male and femal just make me uncomfort . plu , all of that satan music ( rock , rap , metal ) realli is quit offens . next teenag will stop go to church like I do everi three day . then our countri will realli go downhil . love forev , anastasia ( me @ ithinkso.org ) 
