test 
new goal : actual post onc in a while . anyway , today I final heard some record that I 'm actual excit about . new morrissey - not as bad as I wa expect ! Of cours , the album cover is awesom , but realli , after that you could n't expect much more . but I must say , by the end of the album I wa realli feel it - a potenti purchas . except for the bloodi fact that the CD IS not IN A digipack OR A case but IS stupidli shape cardboard that will never fit IN MY shelv . It seem petti I know , but after work in a record store where everyth that 's not your normal CD shape must be secur tab and tape , you realli hold a grudg against those cd which feel compel to be edgey style CD and be a new size . case in point - new squarepush - have n't even so much as look at it . and secondli , the new street album . had n't realli paid much attent sinc opm , but dang , when I put thi on in the store today I wa pleasent surpris . Of cours when he start drop the random f-bomb I had to turn it off , becaus even a british accent doe n't hide the curs from paranoid rich c-vill momma . but I 'm look forward to hear more , I think . instant plu - come in a normal size jewel case . near futur excit - anim collect and bark psychosi in june . 
lollapalooza 2004 ha been cancel due to low ( or no ) ticket sale . In a moment of touch clariti , perri farrel share : `` My heart ach along with the band , and all of our employe , whose hard work develop one of the most excit and import tour that thi nation wa to see . My heart is broken . '' keep on keepin ' on , my man . 
Is n't she a littl young ? sex with a minor . Do n't go there . god , I love my hometown of richmond , VA . accord to thi urllink wash.post articl , there 's a new campaign to stop men from hook up with underag girl . what doe the new campaign consist of ? Oh , I do n't know , how 's about put up giant billboard with the abov slogan written in hot pink and white letter ? Ok , sound good . and let not forget to send out hundr of thousand of coaster , cocktail napkin and postcard-s messag too ! We could also make it cost upward of $ 85,000 , even though our in-stat school are basic fall apart ! but for the not so funni part - the reason behind it all : between 1999 and 2000 , 219 babi were born to girl between 13 and 14 yr old . eek . 
thi album is take over my life late and i ca n't even realli explain whi 
Oh snap - urllink ray bradburi hate on michael moor ! `` michael moor is a dumb [ explet ] , that 's what I think , '' bradburi told the swedish newspap dagen nyhet dure a phone interview from lo angel . `` He stole my titl and chang the number without ever ask my permiss . '' 
Oh great . now not onli is our presid a rage asshol and dim-wit fool , he also may be urllink insan . 
someon on ilx describ the m83 album ( a while ago ) as `` be spray with giant windex bottl of hypercolor twinkl dust . like the turquois hexagon sun is engulf you . pleasant as it is , it 's almost too much , too satur , a day dream bing '' - and I realli ca n't even explain how otm that realli is . I love the album after the first few track but everi subsequ listen just made me feel as if I 'd eaten too mani chocol or someth . It 's so damn dramat that I ca n't stand it , and while I still like some track ( run into flower esp . ) , I could n't care less about the US releas . also , I went to the websit ( ilovem83.com ) ( presumtu , no ? ) and almost had a breakdown becaus I thought it hack into my comput . fuck you m83 ! On a seper note , I got a copi of the new morrissey as it came in use in a jewel case and not the absurdli larg cardboard packag we got the in . whew . 
