just when thing were get so good , they get frustrat again . the whole team just suck . lohs suck . hunter suck . stewart suck . blanco suck . cuddyer suck . morneau suck . I could go on and on . just two guy did n't suck . one wa joe roa , who in my mind ha replac juan rincon for best bullpen guy who is n't a closer . and the other , surprisingli , wa mientkiewicz , who play like a man who had someth to prove . which is fine by me . mayb that 's whi he could hit for .300+ earli in hi career . He had to prove to the organ that he wa worth keep . now he had to prove it again , and I 'd have to say that he did . I just hope that if he 's still in a twin uniform tomorrow , he 'll continu to prove it . In trade news , the met got kri benson . just as well . I wa start to think he would n't fit in with the team veri well . It 's just too bad we could n't trade for hi wife . for now , I guess jodi mientkiewicz ( a woman who ha noth to prove ) will have to do . 
one way or anoth , thi situat is less than ideal . At the start of the week , when it look like dougi would be gone by tuesday , I thought it would be the perfect trade . and then the day linger on . and now , after all the report I 've read and all the differ rumor trade offer , I 'm not sure on anyth anymor . On one hand , if we do end up with benson , I 'm start to wonder just how good he will be for us . He 's not that spectacular , especi in a playoff situat ( assum , of cours , that the pressur will get to him ) . I just get bad vibe from it all , realli . but on the other hand , now we have to get rid of mientkiewicz . I see no other way . him and gardenhir are reportedli at odd with each other , and that seem to be where all thi trade talk sprout from . while he may not have been a clubhous cancer last week , if he doe n't find hi way out of minnesota , he will becom one fast . So in one way , I do n't realli want benson , but if that 's what we can get for mientkiewicz , I 'll take him . but I hope terri ryan is work hard tri to come up with someth els out of the blue . I 'm think mayb mientkiewicz play for the twin tomorrow night and switch over by saturday 's game as he get trade to boston . perhap that 's what the hold up is ; carl pohlad is too cheap to pay for a plane ticket , so some kind of trade with boston ha been on the tabl all week . god , I can onli hope . 
Is there anyth better than sweep those damn white sox ? In chicago ? and all three game were realli their own entiti . game one had torii hunter 's tryout for the vike ( my opinion : sign him up ! ) . game two had corey koski get more base than all the twin combin do someday . and game three had justin morneau get not one but two home run call revers , either one of which would have end the game on time . but as it were , go into the 10th inning wa n't so bad , becaus it gave torii hunter a chanc to make yet anoth phenomen catch . one that I am sure burn in the heart of white sox fan everywher . realli , I 'm surpris after that catch that a fan did n't run onto the field and attack someon . but I guarante thi sweep would be a whole lot nicer if everi day of it we were n't more concern about where mientkiewicz would be go . It made it hard to focu on the game as a fan . As far as trade him goe , I 'm indiffer for now . It realli depend on who we get . but now that the cat 's out of the bag , they need to get the deal done asap . the first thing I do each day is check to see if he 's been trade yet . the wait is kill me . especi sinc now I 'm not so sure we 'll be get kri benson , so we could be get anyon realli . terri ryan ha a knack for the surpris trade , so realli , there 's a whole grab bag of player we could be get , and onli time will tell which one he pick . I just hope it 's not too much time ... 
Am I the onli one who wa root for koski to get hit again in the 9th ? I 'm sure koski wa hate it , especi sinc he is n't exactli known for be free of ach and pain . but he could 've taken one more for the team ! It 'd be hi name in the record book , after all ! If it were n't for all the trade rumor swirl around , the twin would have to be the hottest team in basebal right now . I mean , it feel like the last time they lost a seri wa in may . they 're just play excel , excel basebal right now . hope , they can keep it up , becaus even if we sweep the white sox tomorrow , then we face a tough red sox team , and the lead we have over chicago could go just as fast as it came . but hey , if oakland could win 20 game in a row a few year back , what 's stop the twin from do the same ? I 'm all for it , person . 
what a game ! littl nicki punto slip on the wet grass and injur himself ( though I must say , it wa mayb the most grace injuri I have ever seen ) , torii hunter absolut run right through the white sox catcher , and of cours , subsequ be boo by the annoy white sox fan . rad bradk show both side of himself on the mound today , but luckili hi better half prevail . the onli worri point is juan rincon give up yet anoth home run . He 's realli start to worri me now . and that 's about all I saw . I wa actual work too hard on finish up the former player list ( see below ) to pay hard attent to the game . but I wa overjoy by the result . 1.5 game over the white sox , thi could be the start of someth good . 
final , I have done someth signific ! someth that will put me up in the rank of bill jame and rob neyer and those type ! It ate up my entir day , but it is finish ! It 's my list of former player ! thi requir a bit of explan : a `` former player '' is , simpli , ani activ player who use to play for a team differ from hi current team . for exampl , barri bond is a current player of the san francisco giant , but he is a former player of the pittsburgh pirat . what I have spent pretti much everi wake hour of today do wa find the team that ha the most former player . A player could have more than one former team ( and mani did ) . My inspir for thi is all the time I 've watch the twin play the boston red sox or some other team and when the like of david ortiz or todd walker or whoever come up to bat , I alway think `` former twin , david ortiz . '' It made me wonder just where the twin stand in former player . I got my current roster info from each team 's offici roster page and former team info from urllink baseballreference.com . all roster info is current as of today , juli 26th . now then , without further adieu , I bring you ryan whitak 's former player list : former player By team : anaheim : 22 ( mike fetter , steve spark , jason grimsley , kent mercker , scott schoenewei , jami burk , todd green , Al levin , matt perisho , damion easley , orlando palmeiro , brian anderson , darrel may , matt wise , mark mclemor , ismael vald , phil nevin , j.t . snow , shigetoshi hasegawa , scott spiezio , jim edmond , brad fullmer ) arizona : 28 ( jose guillen , ken huckabi , karim garcia , alan embre , curt schill , mike difelic , lenni harri , brian anderson , denni rey , duaner sanchez , chri capuano , chad moeller , craig counsel , lyle overbay , john patterson , toni batista , ricki bottalico , bret prinz , damian miller , erubiel durazo , felix rodriguez , mike myer , jeff suppan , toni womack , reggi sander , rod baraja , david dellucci , miguel batista ) atlanta : 38 ( danni bautista , javi lopez , alan embre , greg maddux , kent mercker , mike remling , paul bako , steve reed , vinni castilla , mike mordecai , darrel may , rudi seanez , toni graffanino , odali perez , jose hernandez , we helm , terri mulholland , henri blanco , tom glavin , mike stanton , kenni lofton , gari sheffield , jermain dye , roberto hernandez , kevin millwood , randal simon , ryan klesko , marqui grissom , michael tucker , bret boon , ray king , jason marqui , reggi sander , robert fick , rey sanchez , brian jordan , kerri lightenberg , justin speier ) baltimor : 33 ( mike fetter , roberto alomar , steve finley , curt schill , mike timlin , kent mercker , willi harri , tim laker , casey blake , travi driskil , charl johnson , jason johnson , esteban yan , armando benitez , jeff conin , toni batista , scott erickson , todd zeil , mark mclemor , tim worrel , jose mesa , willi robert , david well , deivi cruz , jami moyer , brook fordyc , john wasdin , david dellucci , gari matthew , sean douglass , kerri lightenberg , josh tower , gregg zaun ) boston : 38 ( aaron sele , casey fossum , carlo baerga , shea hillenbrand , kent mercker , todd walker , carl everett , todd jone , bob howri , lou merloni , jeff fassero , tim harikkala , ugueth urbina , josia manzanillo , kirk bulling , roger clemen , darren oliv , rudi seanez , matt stair , jose offerman , sunni kim , mike stanton , cliff floyd , tom gordon , paul quantril , john flaherti , toni clark , scott hatteberg , rheal cormier , chri styne , rod beck , dustin hermanson , jami moyer , jeff suppan , rey sanchez , ron mahay , brian shous , john wasdin ) cub : 55 ( jose molina , josh paul , lui gonzalez , antonio alfonseca , juan cruz , robert machado , rafael palmeiro , terri adam , mark bellhorn , ricki gutierrez , bill mueller , ross gload , phil norton , todd van poppel , shawn est , jeff fassero , jason smith , rondel white , hee seop choi , lenni harri , dave weather , jose vizcaino , matt stair , jose hernandez , terri mulholland , steve trachsel , todd zeil , tom gordon , felix heredia , jon lieber , tanyon sturtz , miguel cairo , kenni lofton , damian miller , eric karro , tim worrel , todd pratt , doug glanvil , bobbi hill , randal simon , chri styne , rod beck , ismael vald , michael tucker , jami moyer , dave hansen , ray king , julian tavarez , toni womack , rey sanchez , ron mahay , eric young , gari matthew , miguel batista , justin speier ) white sox : 37 ( bartolo colon , josh paul , roberto alomar , julio franco , robert machado , alan embre , keith foulk , sammi sosa , d'angelo jimenez , bob howri , rick white , charl johnson , royc clayton , aaron mile , Al levin , billi koch , scott sullivan , toni graffanino , wilson alvarez , olmedo saenz , robin ventura , rocki biddl , mike cameron , tom gordon , tanyon sturtz , kenni lofton , ruben sierra , chad bradford , roberto hernandez , josh fogg , kip well , david well , scott eyr , ray durham , miguel olivo , cal eldr , brook fordyc ) cincinnati : 41 ( jose guillen , elmer dessen , chri reitsma , b.j . ryan , todd william , kent mercker , mike remling , todd walker , mike jackson , paul konerko , shawn est , mark sweeney , dmitri young , josia manzanillo , lenni harri , dave weather , denni rey , scott sullivan , ruben mateo , giovanni carrara , juan encarnacion , dave burba , bradi clark , john franco , mike cameron , eric valent , felix heredia , ruben sierra , chri styne , david well , jim brower , felix rodriguez , brett tomko , michael tucker , ron villon , dan wilson , bret boon , reggi sander , rob bell , brook fordyc , carlo almanzar ) cleveland : 55 ( bartolo colon , roberto alomar , carlo baerga , tim drew , jaret wright , eddi perez , julio franco , jason grimsley , karim garcia , alan embre , ricki gutierrez , manni ramirez , kent mercker , mike jackson , sandi alomar , danni grave , sean casey , jacob cruz , steve reed , jeromi burnitz , dan mice , dave weather , jeff kent , jose vizcaino , brian anderson , rudi seanez , tom martin , jose hernandez , milton bradley , dave robert , dave burba , chri magrud , terri mulholland , joe roa , einar diaz , enriqu wilson , kenni lofton , ricardo rincon , mark mclemor , paul abbott , tim worrel , david bell , jim thome , ricki lede , jose mesa , brian gile , jim brower , marqui grissom , ron villon , jolbert cabrera , steve kline , julian tavarez , dani baez , ryan drese , justin speier ) colorado : 48 ( brent mayn , quinton mccracken , mike hampton , john thomson , mark bellhorn , gabe kapler , kent mercker , todd walker , tom goodwin , sandi alomar , ross gload , juan urib , todd jone , gabe white , jacob cruz , jason romano , john vander wal , scott elarton , matt miller , rick white , ron belliard , lenni harri , juan pierr , dan mice , darren oliv , denni rey , giovanni carrara , jose hernandez , victor santo , gari bennett , craig counsel , joe roa , henri blanco , mike dejean , todd zeil , adam melhus , chri styne , jeff cirillo , jay payton , neifi perez , mike myer , ron villon , julian tavarez , toni womack , john wasdin , eric young , justin speier , gregg zaun ) detroit : 41 ( steve spark , danni bautista , lui gonzalez , dave borkowski , buddi groom , karim garcia , gabe kapler , paul bako , jose macia , todd jone , todd van poppel , jacob cruz , adam benero , matt perisho , damion easley , dan mice , brad ausmu , joe randa , jose lima , jeff weaver , juan encarnacion , victor santo , john flaherti , toni clark , ruben sierra , mark redman , brian powel , tim worrel , willi robert , randal simon , david well , phil nevin , deivi cruz , mike myer , roger cedeno , trever miller , robert fick , doug brocail , francisco cordero , chri gomez , frank catalanotto ) florida : 42 ( danni bautista , antonio alfonseca , buddi groom , kevin millar , matt clement , paul bako , derrek lee , mois alou , carl everett , charl johnson , preston wilson , gari knott , nate robertson , ugueth urbina , ivan rodriguez , dan mice , dave weather , juan encarnacion , craig counsel , livian hernandez , Al leiter , braden looper , mike piazza , todd zeil , cliff floyd , felix heredia , gari sheffield , mark redman , ramon castro , mark kotsay , brian meadow , trevor hoffman , blain neal , mike myer , julian tavarez , edgar renteria , john mabri , ron mahay , miguel batista , justin speier , gregg zaun , dave berg ) houston : 38 ( randi johnson , steve finley , lui gonzalez , mike hampton , curt schill , ricki gutierrez , paul bako , mois alou , mike jackson , carl everett , todd jone , scott elarton , rick white , vinni castilla , jose lima , tom martin , keith ginter , richard hidalgo , tom gordon , kenni lofton , octavio dotel , kirk saarloo , mark mclemor , brian powel , billi wagner , bobbi abreu , scott linebrink , ricki stone , phil nevin , wayn franklin , ron villon , roger cedeno , john halama , trever miller , geoff blum , julio lugo , doug brocail , gregg zaun ) kansa citi : 37 ( juan brito , brent mayn , paul byrd , jason grimsley , johnni damon , david mccarti , glendon rusch , tom goodwin , chad durbin , jamey wright , kit pellow , Al levin , jami walker , mike difelic , rondel white , jeff conin , carlo beltran , jose lima , jose offerman , endi chavez , ricki bottalico , tom gordon , jermain dye , paul abbott , roberto hernandez , brian meadow , chri styne , jay witasick , neifi perez , michael tucker , raul ibanez , jeff suppan , lanc carter , rey sanchez , brian shous , miguel batista , gregg zaun ) lo angel : 36 ( mike fetter , todd william , karim garcia , terri adam , pedro martinez , mark grudzielanek , tom goodwin , paul konerko , juan castro , jason romano , charl johnson , jeromi burnitz , lenni harri , jose vizcaino , denni rey , rudi seanez , craig counsel , terri mulholland , henri blanco , jose offerman , mike piazza , todd zeil , paul quantril , gari sheffield , adam melhus , eric karro , ismael vald , matt herg , felix rodriguez , marqui grissom , jolbert cabrera , dave hansen , roger cedeno , trever miller , eric young , brian jordan ) milwauke : 34 ( mike fetter , steve spark , eddi perez , julio franco , robert machado , lui lopez , glendon rusch , paul bako , jose valentin , john vander wal , bob wickman , ron belliard , jamey wright , royc clayton , jeromi burnitz , mark sweeney , josia manzanillo , lenni harri , dave weather , matt stair , jose hernandez , henri blanco , mike dejean , gari sheffield , jeff cirillo , mark loretta , wayn franklin , marqui grissom , mike myer , ron villon , cal eldr , ray king , mike matheni , eric young ) minnesota : 26 ( mike fetter , quinton mccracken , david mccarti , david ortiz , latroy hawkin , todd walker , mike jackson , todd jone , javier valentin , casey blake , matt lawton , matt kinney , chad moeller , scott erickson , mark redman , damian miller , bobbi kielti , paul abbott , eric milton , a.j . pierzynski , dustan mohr , eddi guardado , kenni roger , kevin frederick , michael nakamura , chri gomez ) montreal : 39 ( bartolo colon , vladimir guerrero , randi johnson , tim drew , robert machado , pedro martinez , michael barrett , mark grudzielanek , jose macia , mois alou , gabe white , john vander wal , tim laker , jeff fassero , larri walker , ugueth urbina , rondel white , carl pavano , mike mordecai , kirk bulling , raul chavez , matt stair , guillermo mota , milton bradley , todd zeil , cliff floyd , javier vazquez , rheal cormier , salomon torr , jim brower , matt herg , dustin hermanson , kirk reuter , marqui grissom , steve kline , geoff blum , brad fullmer , miguel batista , ted lilli ) met : 47 ( brent mayn , roberto alomar , carlo baerga , paul byrd , mike hampton , john thomson , lui lopez , melvin mora , mike remling , glendon rusch , carl everett , timo perez , cori lidl , paul wilson , rick white , matt lawton , shawn est , steve reed , jeromi burnitz , preston wilson , armando benitez , josia manzanillo , lenni harri , dave weather , jeff kent , jose vizcaino , jaim cerda , alberto castillo , desi relaford , tom martin , robin ventura , gari bennett , bradi clark , toni clark , octavio dotel , marco scutaro , todd pratt , terrenc long , jay payton , tyler walker , edgardo alfonzo , jason isringhausen , roger cedeno , brook fordyc , rey sanchez , kenni roger , gari matthew ) yanke : 43 ( randi choat , jason grims , todd william , karim garcia , ramiro mendoza , brandon claussen , gabe white , d'angelo jimenez , john vander wal , jake westbrook , bob wickman , todd green , marcu thame , rondel white , armando benitez , josia manzanillo , mike lowel , roger clemen , dan mice , andi pettitt , dave weather , jose vizcaino , alberto castillo , jeff weaver , robin ventura , terri mulholland , nick johnson , juan rivera , Al leiter , mike stanton , todd zeil , jim mecir , ricki lede , david well , jay witasick , j.t . snow , tino martinez , rey sanchez , carlo almanzar , kenni roger , alfonso soriano , david dellucci , ted lilli ) oakland : 38 ( jose guillen , mike fetter , steve spark , brent mayn , buddi groom , miguel tejada , keith foulk , mark bellhorn , johnni damon , david mccarti , aaron harang , cori lidl , todd van poppel , carlo pena , billi koch , chad harvil , mike wood , matt stair , olmedo saenz , jason grabowski , lui vizcaino , ben griev , toni batista , jason giambi , ruben sierra , tim worrel , jay witasick , terrenc long , ray durham , scott spiezio , jason isringhausen , john mabri , john halama , ron mahay , kenni roger , john wasdin , ted lilli , frank menechino ) philadelphia : 26 ( paul byrd , johnni estrada , julio franco , jason grimsley , david newhan , terri adam , curt schill , mike timlin , mike jackson , cliff politt , kirk bulling , desi relaford , gari bennett , terri mulholland , joe roa , carlo silva , nick punto , ricki bottalico , todd zeil , eric valent , paul quantril , jose mesa , marlon anderson , scott rolen , john mabri , trever miller ) pittsburgh : 38 ( jose guillen , elmer dessen , mike fetter , bronson arroyo , tim wakefield , arami ramirez , mois alou , esteban loaiza , damaso mart , todd van poppel , john vander wal , rick white , tim laker , jason johnson , josia manzanillo , dan mice , darrel may , denni rey , joe randa , matt stair , duaner sanchez , jose hernandez , terri mulholland , jon lieber , enriqu wilson , kenni lofton , ricardo rincon , brian gile , jason christianson , barri bond , ron villon , jeff suppan , julian tavarez , toni womack , reggi sander , brian shous , gari matthew , miguel batista ) san diego : 47 ( roberto alomar , carlo baerga , steve finley , jaret wright , rodrigo lopez , lui lopez , david newhan , alan embre , ricki gutierrez , matt clement , derrek lee , sandi alomar , ben davi , d'angelo jimenez , john vander wal , lou merloni , steve reed , mark sweeney , rondel white , ben howard , dan mice , brad ausmu , rudi seanez , desi relaford , gari bennett , joe roa , john flaherti , gari sheffield , mark kotsay , tim worrel , brian meadow , oliv perez , jason bay , matt herg , dustin hermanson , brett tomko , deivi cruz , ron villon , bret boon , dave hansen , woodi william , john mabri , reggi sander , carlo almanzar , doug brocail , gari matthew , chri gomez ) san francisco : 44 ( brent mayn , russ ortiz , sidney ponson , alan embre , keith foulk , doug mirabelli , bill mueller , david mccarti , mike remling , ramon martinez , tom goodwin , mike jackson , jacob cruz , john vander wal , shawn est , steve reed , royc clayton , jeff kent , jose vizcaino , alberto castillo , wilson alvarez , dave burba , aaron fultz , terri mulholland , joe nathan , joe roa , livian hernandez , kenni lofton , roberto hernandez , brian powel , tim worrel , david bell , jose mesa , salomon torr , ryan vogelsong , rod beck , scott linebrink , jay witasick , rich aurilia , julian tavarez , reggi sander , rey sanchez , jose cruz , eric young ) seattl : 42 ( aaron sele , randi johnson , mike hampton , todd william , robert machado , derek low , mike timlin , david mccarti , freddi garcia , mike jackson , damaso mart , ben davi , omar vizquel , jeff fassero , tim harikkala , carlo guillen , armando benitez , josia manzanillo , raul chavez , desi relaford , giovanni carrara , dave burba , scott podsednik , terri mulholland , jose offerman , mike cameron , alex rodriguez , ruben sierra , jim mecir , mark mclemor , paul abbott , david bell , jose mesa , salomon torr , ismael vald , jeff cirillo , brett tomko , john mabri , john halama , tino martinez , rey sanchez , jose cruz ) st. loui : 31 ( adam kennedi , j.d . drew , eli marrero , mike timlin , kent mercker , cliff politt , rick white , jeff fassero , jamey wright , royc clayton , mark sweeney , esteban yan , mike difelic , dmitri young , darren oliv , orlando palmeiro , alberto castillo , ricki bottalico , mike dejean , braden looper , todd zeil , joe mcew , miguel cairo , rheal cormier , david bell , placido polanco , jason christianson , dustin hermanson , brett tomko , jami moyer , brian jordan ) tampa bay : 32 ( jose guillen , quinton mccracken , julio franco , mark malaska , david mccarti , cori lidl , paul wilson , javier valentin , rick white , tim laker , vinni castilla , jason johnson , Al levin , esteban yan , mike difelic , jason smith , damion easley , toni graffanino , wilson alvarez , tom martin , ben griev , steve trachsel , dan wheeler , tanyon sturtz , john flaherti , miguel cairo , jim mecir , roberto hernandez , randi winn , marlon anderson , chri gomez ) texa : 53 ( aaron sele , john thomson , julio franco , rafael palmeiro , doug mirabelli , gabe kapler , tom goodwin , sammi sosa , esteban loaiza , carl everett , todd van poppel , jason romano , travi hafner , jeff fassero , todd green , royc clayton , Al levin , danni patterson , ugueth urbina , esteban yan , ivan rodriguez , carlo pena , marcu thame , matt perisho , dan mice , darren oliv , mike lamb , denni rey , rudi seanez , ruben mateo , wilson alvarez , jose hernandez , dave burba , doug davi , dan kolb , victor santo , chri magrud , aaron fultz , einar diaz , mike stanton , todd zeil , tanyon sturtz , alex rodriguez , ruben sierra , justin duchscher , mark mclemor , doug glanvil , ricki lede , ismael vald , jami moyer , rob bell , gregg zaun , frank catalanotto ) toronto : 43 ( kelvim escobar , roberto alomar , ken huckabi , mike timlin , alex gonzalez , esteban loaiza , cliff politt , cori lidl , ryan freel , casey blake , todd green , billi koch , roger clemen , peter munro , dave weather , jeff kent , alberto castillo , giovanni carrara , shawn green , cesar izturi , jayson werth , doug davi , shannon stewart , toni batista , Al leiter , steve trachsel , felix heredia , paul quantril , tanyon sturtz , miguel cairo , ruben sierra , bobbi kielti , david well , scott eyr , chri carpent , woodi william , mike matheni , mark hendrickson , trever miller , jose cruz , carlo almanzar , john wasdin , brad fullmer ) As you can see , the twin actual were tie for the second fewest former player , which wa extrem surpris to me . mayb that 's whi I can come up with all the former player whenev I see them ; we do n't have as mani as the cub or cleveland . As for usag of thi list , I 'll let anyon that want to use it use it in ani way they want , provid they credit me for it by a simpl littl link . It 's quick , it 's easi , and it give me some real reader ! but it 's not like I 'll go after you if you do n't . I 'd probabl just be glad that all my work ha gone to a good use . 
just a few day ago , I discov that the twin woe were due to the '90 becom hip and cool again . luckili , henri blanco took the twin out of that fad . but now I turn on the game today , and what do I see but the retro uniform ? ! when will they learn ? ! If the twin want to look back to year past , how about 2002 and 2003 , the year when we won the divis ? hey guy , rememb peopl like kenni roger and rick reed ? eddi guardado ? rememb him ? yeah , those were good time . not the '70 . the '70 had disco . that 's so not cool . now , accord to the twin websit , the twin use the blue uniform from 1973 to 1986 ( I had to look it up becaus that 's befor my time ) . 1973 wa also the first year of frank quilici as manag . despit have about the coolest name a manag could have , that did not translat onto the field , and he wa gone after 1975 . In the year of the blue uniform , the twin were better than .500 just four time , and the best they could do in the AL west wa third . the rock bottom worst were the 60-102 1982 twin , which , at a glanc , appear to be the worst twin team ever . sure , the 1982 twin had kent hrbek and gari gaetti and tom brunanski and , uh , butch wynegar . hell , they even had randi johnson ! grant , he wa n't the futur hall of fame pitcher that today mow down batter well into hi 40 's , but rather just a light-hit DH who play just two season . actual , look up randi `` not the pitcher '' johnson 's info , I learn that the twin got him as a ptbnl from the white sox in a deal that sent the twin ivan mesa , ronni perri and cash for jerri koosman befor the 1981 season . then , year later in 1985 , the twin trade him back to the white sox along with ron scheer in exchang for a one roy smalley . sure , the 1982 twin are no one to imit , randi johnson or not . unfortun , joe roa had n't check the twin histori , where the greatest highlight from that era wa start play in the metrodom , and he did hi best terri felton impress ( loser of 13 game in 1982 , in relief ) . just as well . I wa start to wonder if mayb the twin had avoid the late '90 and focus in on 1991 onli , and that wa the reason for their five game win streak . one loss is n't so bad after five win . but let 's just see some regular uniform tomorrow , guy . 
doug mientkiewicz ? corey koski ? torii hunter ? who the hell ? come on , gardi ! where 's the lecroy and the punto we all know and love ? serious , who is thi man mientkiewicz and what make him a better first baseman than morneau ? sure the bubbl gum doe not make the man . and torii hunter ? doe the two I 's make him better than lew ford , who ha none ? I think I rememb hear someth of a one cordel koski befor , but I think mayb it wa just someon who badli typo on `` cuddyer . '' I do n't think it 's septemb yet , so they must not be the call-up . I just do n't get it . well , whoever these nobodi are , they manag to collabor ( wa I watch the red wing instead ? wa it fsn and not kstc ? Do n't tell me it wa a saint game ! ) for the twin fifth win in a row . mighti impress , I must say . then again , it is kansa city/tampa bay/baltimor . not exactli the dynasti of our time . but they all count in the record the same . 
I actual attend thi afternoon 's game . not that I wa plan to . I actual went downtown to watch some tenni at one financi plaza , as they were have the aquatenni plaza tenni tournament . but after watch one mildli entertain match and no longer abl to get free edi 's ice cream sampl , I decid to ditch the scene and head over to the dome . becaus , as we all know , 24 hour a day , seven day a week , all 365 day of the year , the dome is the most entertain spot in the twin citi . Or someth like that . and low and behold , there wa a game thi afternoon ! Oh my , how could I pass thi up ? ! and I 'm veri glad I did n't , for if I had n't gone , I would have miss nick punto 's first ever grand slam ! grant , I almost miss it anyway , as I had troubl find littl punto in the batter 's box . I turn to a fan sit next to me and ask , `` where 's the batter ? '' He then pass me hi binocular , and there he wa , so tini that he wa bare visibl to the nake eye . So much power from someon so littl . and , of cours , mad prop to my man michael cuddyer , for hit the go-ahead home run . michael cuddyer ha been disappoint to me at time , but he realli came through today , show me whi I should continu to have him be one of my top five favorit twin . Or mayb I 'm just disappoint becaus he ha about 300 career home run in my mvp basebal 2004 game . 
clearli , henri blanco is not a man who enjoy the '90 . for , unlik the rest of hi teammat , `` Oh henri ! '' ha resist the quantum leap to the '90 , and seemingli ha brought them all back to the present day . which is good , becaus he did it just in time for brad radk to pitch . the twin have been notori for not give rad brad enough run support , though they 've been notori for not give anyon ani run support as of late . but not today . blanco spearhead the twin to 12 run , which seem like some kind of record after watch so much futil . now let just beat the devil out of the ray tomorrow for the two game sweep . 
thi team worri me . even in win , they worri me . grant balfour come in , and I basic start pound my head on the desk . He 's still pitch a coupl inning later , and I continu to pound my head on the desk . It 's just terribl to watch . even when they win . except lew ford . and justin morneau . now those two , they are good to watch . the rest of 'em , not so much . doe matthew lecroy ever do anyth other than strike out ? I think I rememb him onc hit a home run or two , but it 's all so blurri now ... 
they won ! what ? you want more than three word ? tri two win in a row first . We 'll see from there . 
there is just one explan for the last few game that I can see . clearli the twin have been enthral , as have I , in vh1 's `` I love the '90 . '' howev , unlik I , the twin have taken the show to heart and have obvious decid to bring themselv back to the '90 . not the good part of the '90 , like , say , 1991 . No , we 're talk 1997 or so . rememb when ? latroy hawkin wa not onli a twin still , but a starter at that ! `` everyday '' eddi wa just a relief pitcher , not the closer that gave us all heart attack nightli . rick `` christina '' aguilera wa the closer way back when . yeah , they had torii hunter back then , but onli for one game . and he did n't even have an at-bat in that game . In fact , the one apper by torii hunter and brad radk ( who , admittedli , did win 20 game that season , so he must not have cabl TV ) are the onli twin still with the modern day twin . which might explain youngster like lew ford and grant balfour 's fascin with the twin of old . they do n't know what suck is like . all they know is be in a two-tim divis champion organ . but let me tell you , aaron fultz and nick punto , it 's no fun . you onli get one all-star ! I mean , sure , we onli had one thi year too , but at least lew ford got consider ! you get one , and that 's it . some peopl even argu that you should n't even have the one ( though when it 's chuck knoblauch , even I would argu that we should n't have had one ) . and if you think the attend is bad now , think of how bad it is when even the die-hard wo n't show up ? hope , you kid will shape up and learn the mistak of your way and turn back toward the ballclub of great promis you onc were . Or els one of you will earn the nicknam `` mike trombley '' ( I 'm look at you , balfour ! ) . 
So I go to post about thursday 's game , and blogger would n't put it up on the websit right . there 'd be the titl , but then no text . It did n't work for friday 's game either . but now the twin win , and it work fine . clearli , there 's a higher forc at work here . let just hope that blogger continu to work from here until novemb . the game wa n't on TV today , nor is it tomorrow , so it 's a fine time for blogger to start work again , when I ca n't even realli write about what I saw anyway . *sigh* perhap thi blog is doom ... back tomorrow ( hope ) . 
what can I say ? I 'm a conspiraci theorist . So how doe the greatest pitcher of our time , roger clemen , give up six run on a stage as big as the all-star game , one that may be hi last , in hi own back yard ? In one in ? simpl . mike piazza . anyon see `` bull durham ? '' I absolut love that movi . and I could n't help but think of the scene in the movi where the catcher tip off the hitter to what the pitch will be , just so that the hitter can whack it outta the park , just to spite nuke laloosh . now clemen certainli bear no resembl to tim robbin , nor piazza to kevin costner . but given the long-run feud , whi would n't piazza seek hi reveng ? tip off the AL batter to the pitch clemen would throw is the perfect way to gain an edg on clemen , becaus provid no one find out about it , piazza would n't have to deal with the media fallout . imagin if piazza did someth wide out in the open to ruin the moment for clemen . He 'd never hear the end of it . hi career may veri well be ruin by that sort of thing , becaus it would be so underhand . but tip off the pitch ? who 'd ever think of that ? certainli , ichiro and pudg and the like are no lightweight at the plate , but they just clobber clemen . there 's got ta be someth up there . If onli there were a bull for soriano to hit . He could 've won a free steak . 
last year , the twin need a break badli . If the all-star break would have come ani later , who know what may have happen ? thi year , it 's onli a three game skid , but you get that same feel of despair . thing were look up with the three complet game shutout , but these last three game have been real downer . mayb it 's just becaus mientkiewicz ha been out ( who would have thought we 'd ever use that as a reason thi year ? ) , but it 's still rough . true , we get stewart back after the all-star break , so there is hope . hell , if we could win the divis last year , it should be a piec of cake thi time around . nevertheless , thing may get interest . I attend today 's game , and I had fun even though there wa n't much to cheer about . I love watch santana pitch , and asid from those first few inning , he wa just as good as ever . unfortun , it wa those first few inning that got him , but that 's basebal . I wait outsid the player 's entranc after the game and had a great time yell after all the player . koski wa the onli one who sign ani autograph , but he skip over me . Oh well . like charl barkley say , `` even if you sign autograph for half the peopl there , the other half will hate you . '' the mascot softbal game wa probabl the highlight of the day though . someth about a shark and a bee in the most awkward play at the plate I 've ever seen that wa beauti . I tri ( emphasi on tri ) to keep score of the mascot game , and I 'll scan in my scorecard and post it sometim in the near futur . also look for a few featur piec over the all-star break , plu the typic thought on the game itself and the home run derbi . I love the all-star festiv , almost more than playoff basebal . It 's just so much fun to watch it all . I gener get pretti nerdi about basebal thi time of year , which is alway fun . 
No , radk wa n't bad . but he wa n't good enough . three home run is n't exactli Cy young materi . though he might have pass for a bert blyleven if the eight behind him could have ran around the base a littl bit . but as much as I 'd like to blame bradk and the rest of the twin for thi loss , I know the blame fall on me squar . It wa my fault for scare brad radk into think he owe us a pitcher of the week award . To paraphras spiderman , there wa someth he felt he had to do , but he doe n't have to do it anymor . had I just kept my mouth shut and wait to see what would happen , we would n't be in thi mess . who know how profici brad could have been ? It is not beyond thought that he could have pitch a perfect game were it not for me . I brought it on myself , becaus one day I 'm say I wo n't predict anyth about the pitcher , and the next day I 'm practic hand radk pitch award . but thi is whi they give out the award at the end of the season , not the middl . but tomorrow is anoth day . and I plan on attend the game , so I dare not say a word about johan santana . whatev will be will be . I will be watch the 5th annual TC the bear mascot softbal game befor the twin take on the tiger , so I 'm look forward to that . I 'm actual go to attempt to keep score of the softbal game , which should be an adventur . even more of an adventur than that 15 inning game I went to that I tri to keep score of . I kept my scorecard in order until about the 11th inning , when I had to start fill stuff out on the backsid of my scorecard . that can be difficult , I tell you . My sister will be along with me for the game tomorrow , which will make thing interest , sinc she is an avid hater of mascot , sinc they alway taunt her for some reason . It 's rather comic , realli . 
what can be said about the game tonight ? It wa a textbook exampl of how basebal is a game of inch . had jason smith 's second home run , the one that hit the top of the wall , been just a few inch in closer toward home plate , that ball 's a hit at the veri least , if not an out . had mauer hit the ball less than an inch or so higher and not gotten so far under it , it would n't have fallen inch away from be a home run over the baggi . these few inch one way or anoth can sometim amount to mani run , and sometim that 's the differ in the ballgam . that 's not what make basebal great , although you do n't mind it when you 're on the win side of those few inch . but it 's what make the sport what it is . It add a `` what if '' factor to the game . what if mauer had hit that ball just a littl bit better ? what if torii hunter got a littl bit of a quicker break on smith 's second home run ball and leap up and caught it ? what if jacqu jone ever could figur out how to hit when we need him to the most ? sometim , it 's not the loss that 's the most pierc , it 's the what if question that make you wonder if somewher in an altern univers , the twin take thi one . ultim , thi is one of those loss where it doe n't realli chang a whole lot . It wa pretti inevit that the twin would have to come down someday after four domin win in a row . We 're not the f ' n yanke ! sometim a loss will bring the team down for the next game ; thi one will kinda get look over . It fall under that `` you ca n't win 'em all '' categori . and that 's fine . the twin will come out swing tomorrow and mayb those inch will go our way . radk start tomorrow for the twin , and one would have to imagin that if he get anywher near hi perform on monday , he 'd win the AL pitcher of the week award . In gener , I think thing like that are larg meaningless , but for radk and the entir team , it 'd be a good sign . given the work put up by all the twin pitcher thi week , it 'd almost be like the whole team get the honor . head into the all-star break , that 's a good way to do it . thi team could realli pull ahead and come out of the gate fast after the all-star break , especi with shannon stewart return . last year he wa that littl spark that got the whole team go at full speed just after the all-star break , and thi year he ha the opportun to do it again . mayb the twin should get creativ next year and find a new way for him to rejoin the team at the all-star break . mayb have him be `` kidnap '' or someth , when he 's actual just hang out at terri ryan 's hous watch 18 hour of c-span a day . think of the public ! 
what can I say ? My power are beyond belief . yesterday , at thi veri websit , I predict that terri mulholland would not pitch a complet game shutout , and now for the second game in a row , I have been complet right about the twin pitcher . It 's amaz beyond belief . I 'm like the ken jen of blog ! which is whi I 'm hang up my hat . No more pitch predict for me , no sir . I 'm worri that if I continu my swami way , peopl will come to me want to know my predict for other thing . and it 's not like I could n't do that kind of thing ; of cours I could tell you who the father of your babi is or what saturday 's powerbal number are . It 's just that I do n't want to take money away from the fine folk who do the test to see who the father is , and if everyon had the right powerbal number , the win would n't be veri much , you know ? plu then I 'd have to charg some kind of access fee to my websit , becaus predict like that do n't come cheap . even miss cleo 's free read onli last , like , what ? three minut ? and doe n't she just tell you thing you alreadi knew ? It 's like watch a magician ; you know they 're not realli perform magic . I could give you david blain for free , but then again , he kinda suck anyway and I 'm pretti sure he smell like a hobo . I feel I 'm make the right choic by leav at the top of my game . you ca n't beat two for two . unless you get three for three . but then you 're cheat . Or joe mauer . I do see a twin win again tomorrow . that 's not a predict ; that 's a guarante ! 
like I mention , onc again I wa at driver 's educ again tonight , so I miss most of what I predict would happen yesterday , kyle lohs get a complet game shutout . So now , at the risk of becom known as `` the swami , '' here 's my pitch predict for tomorrow 's matchup against the tiger : terri mulholland will not pitch a complet game shutout . I know , I know , peopl wonder how I can make such dare pick so young into my basebal blog career . I like to look at it as blindli run into the basebal blog commun with full aggress . Or someth to that effect . I 've pull out all the stop on thi one , and there 's no turn back ! otherwis , I guess hooray for joe mauer , who had a new career high in hit today . whi john gordon felt that wa so import to mention it over and over again tonight is beyond me , see how it 's onli hi 30th game . sure , we 're all happi for littl boy quicksw , but 30 game is n't much of a career . unless you 're ron gardenhir . and how could the twin score 25 run against the royal in thi seri without lui `` silent but deadli '' riva ' help ? truli , thi is a new era . 
okay , I did n't exactli plan thi out veri well . I start thi blog in the heat of the night , and then I realiz the next day that tonight 's the night I start driver 's educ . which mean I got home just in time to see the doubl play that end the game . while I wa learn how to drive down the road , torii hunter drove one to the cheap seat . As I watch a cheesi video tape from the earli '90 featur MC hammer ! , johan santana threw the hammer down on the royal . you get the idea . but realli , watch the post-gam show , I get the idea of the game . I get the feel that it wa basic last night 's game onc again . and while it wa excel to watch brad radk pitch amazingli well again , watch the same game twice ? sound kinda bore . but I have driver 's Ed again tomorrow , so if the rest of you watch the game do n't mind , let have kyle `` k.lo '' losh pitch hi own complet game shutout , eh ? Am I the onli one who think terri steinbach look like mark rosen ? should I just stop watch minnesota sport tonight alltogeth ? are n't the host the most annoy peopl ever ? the answer is ye . To all three . 
welcom to turn the unassist doubl play , my own person minnesota twin blog . I 've been a long time reader of basebal blog , especi about the twin . I 've fallen in love with twin geek and aaron gleeman and batgirl and so mani more over the year . I 've alway love write about the twin whenev possibl . well , truth , I 've alway love write about anyth , but when I can talk about basebal , that 's the best . realli , the onli thing that 's stop me from make a twin blog sooner wa I 've had no clue what to call it . I toss around a few name in my head , but noth sound right . eventu , I settl on `` turn the unassist doubl play . '' I like thi name becaus it 's uniqu and veri person to me . My greatest basebal moment on the field itself wa a pick-up game in gym class . I wa play right field , but it wa almost more like back-up first base , becaus we had about fifteen kid to a team ( but yet the ball never seem to find a fielder ) . I seem to be the onli one with ani substanti basebal knowledg , so I wa prepar . there wa a runner on first when the ball wa hit right at the first baseman . the first baseman wa the onli other kid in the class who seem to have hi role down in the field , but I decid I 'd back him up anyway , just in case . It turn out to be a bless that I did , becaus the ball hit off hi head as he lost it in the midday sun . I wa prepar for what I instinct knew would be the defin moment in my high school gym career . As the ball took a short bounc off hi head , I quickli grab it in the air , get the fli out , then run quickli to tag the runner as he wa tri to head back to first base . I 've never amount to much in ani sport , from my earli day in a five year old tee-bal leagu to neighborhood softbal game where I wa the onli boy play on either team to the annual compani volleybal game . I alway knew a lot about the sport we would play , but appli that knowledg and use it toward some form of athlet endeavor wa someth I simpli could not do . okay , let face it , I suck at sport . but that one day under the warm , may sun , play basebal on the south high footbal field , made me realiz the beauti of the unassist doubl play . what I hope to do with thi blog is bridg the gap between twin geek and batgirl . I love to have irrever fun with the twin , but I 'm not afraid of the occasion stat or two . I ca n't wait to see futur twin as they 're come up through the minor , but I also hold a place for rememb basebal 's past . I 'd like to say that I love everyth about basebal , but it would n't be true . I hate the yanke . pleas join me each day for twin talk and analysi . and if you 're ever play a game , keep your eye open for that unassist doubl play . 
the two hottest team in basebal right now : the st. loui cardin are on a roll , as are our veri own minnesota twin . the twin are just on a tear as of late , and if thing keep go the way they have , we 'll be lead the white sox by about a hundr game come late septemb . they won last week even with the mientkiewicz rumor float around , which I 'm sure were n't easi . now that the fine folk of boston are learn how to spell all over again , the twin play veri freeli tonight . they look like they were have fun and just domin the angel tonight . thi team is veri fun to watch right now . mad prop to silva on hi complet game shut out , despit have about seven base runner per inning . great defens , great pitch . hope lohs can shed hi recent woe and pitch a qualiti game tomorrow . 
unfortun , I miss today 's game entir . I , along with what seem to be half of minnesota , wa at the new ikea store check out the swanki furnitur with low , low price . I would have to say that I enjoy it , but mayb not as much as I would have enjoy today 's game . but I got a desk lamp and a pillow . put becker furnitur world to shame , realli . tomorrow is my birthday , but the twin do n't play . just as well , becaus then I can go do someth without miss a game . plu , there is n't that chanc for them to lose , which realli ruin my whole birthday . 
We got screw . I want him to be trade , but we got screw . We got prospect . scratch that , make it prospect . one pitcher . that 's it . I 've never felt so terribl after a win . 
