Hi , thi is where we can leav messag to each other and have fun share thing about the famili and life , etc . 
mom 's trip to california , yea ! keep post here . add comment if you want . she 's here from june 1-15 , 2004 . It 's for urllink TJ 's graduat , yea ! pick her up ok from oakland airport . TJ is graduat on june 11 ... wow -- we 're all get realli old ! Ha . 
urllink thought about thi late ? Be encourag today ! hebrew 4:12 ( nlt ) for the word of god is full of live power . It is sharper than the sharpest knife , cut deep into our innermost thought and desir . It expos us for what we realli are . 
our big outreach to teen is tonight , friday . hundr will come and receiv an invit to accept christ . pleas pray for thi event and if you are around , come on out and volunt . We would love to have you ! 
hey , urllink your truli is go to have a CD releas parti on friday night in oakland , CA at imusicast.com ! It cost $ 8 to get in for the show , but be sure to bring CD money -- onli $ 10.00 each . It 's a great price , make a great gift , and guess what ? you know these guy ! yeah.. 
CD ha been releas ! your truli is a band that includ luke frank ( lead vocal , guitar ) , clark abbott ( guitar and sometim vocal ) , TJ hohm ( drum and background vocal ) , and brant ( bass guitar ) . call us if you want to get hold of a CD . 
It 's all over for anoth El sobrant school year ! We are so proud of all the student , faculti , and administr . yea for a job well done . see ya in septemb ! 
graduat is over for TJ . 8th grade graduat is over for El sobrant christian school . mom is home today from her visit ... . ahhhh ... . summertim ! leav a comment here or post someth new ! We 'd love to hear from you ! 
`` you also be readi , for the son of man is come at an hour you do not expect . '' luke 12:40 
look forward to thi weekend . TJ 's graduat on friday night . sunday afternoon -- open hous for the grad . from 2pm - 5pm . 
urllink 
would you love a week guid by god gain confid in your christian walk each day ? rememb god is on your side ! our father love us more than we can even comprehend ! let hi `` strong arm '' rule your choic thi week ! isaiah 26:3 ( nlt ) you will keep in perfect peac all who trust in you , whose thought are fix on you ! 
check it out tonight , it 's free . TJ is the drummer/background vocalist in the band call urllink your truli . you can check out their site and/or go to imusicast to check them out live ( friday , juli 23 , 2004 , 7:30 PM ) . hey , if you see them leav a comment right here ! urllink 
urllink Oh , yeah . wan na see a pictur of TJ and hi girlfriend , alli ? 
yeah , babi ! It 's the annual A 's firework game for central assembl on friday . dozen of the ol ' church famili will be there to see the A 's compet for yet anoth home victori ! 
So , what have you been up to thi summer ? leav a comment right here and fill us in . that 's right anyon can particip on thi site ! ! 
urllink 
I saw thi and thought of how uniqu and preciou we are in the sight of god . He love you veri much ... wo n't you let him bring peac into your life right now ? urllink psalm 139:14 ( niv ) I prais you becaus I am fear and wonder made ; your work are wonder , I know that full well . 
In the bibl , you see david who is said to have a heart after god constantli seek to get back to the sourc . without god all perspect chang , we are week in our think and wisdom . without god we are lack in our optim and fail in our answer to life 's challeng . psalm 54:4 ( nlt ) but god is my helper . the lord is the one who keep me aliv ! get back to the basic , where god is our first choic in all of our decis and allow hi viewpoint into our daili live ... well it bring life into our journey . seek the lord 's help today no matter what come your way . ... . you can leav your own comment - just click on the link below thi messag 
