i had some weird dream the other night that me and romi were go to some church so she could tell some sermon . when we got there i had to go get my bike over a hill and clean the oil out of the driveway and when i came back she wa make out with some random dude in a car . the pastor came out and kept tell me i had to get her out of the car so she could do her sermon at 6 , but it wa alreadi 8. the pastor wa someon that remind me of wilford brimley . you know , there are time when you think your dream could be de ja vu , or mean someth , or be tell you about the futur , and there are other time when they 're just total bizarr and have no mean whatsoev . 
okay , the night befor last i had a dream that my inner guid wa a chameleon and i wa follow him everywher and he wa tell me lot of thing about my life that were so obviou that i wa just in amaz that i did n't notic them befor . then last night i had a bizarr dream that i ca n't rememb , which total piss me off . everi time i sleep at thi hous i have some freakish dream , i think becaus there are lot of spirit here . i 've never had as mani weird dream anywher els than at thi hous . 
i had a dream the other night that nick chop all hi hair off , which is realli weird coz he ha n't cut hi hair sinc he wa itti bitti . so i wa like `` dude nick ! you cut all your hair off ! '' and he wa like `` so . you have zit all over your face . '' and i look in the mirror and i did . like bad bad . but i did n't care , and i just kept tell nick he chop all hi hair off and whi and ohmigod and whi did n't he seem to care as much and all that . but all he care about wa how much i had broken out , which realli piss me off . 
the other night i had a dream that my wrist were bleed , but they were n't cut . i kept yell at everyon to help me becaus i wa go to die with my wrist bleed so much , but nobodi would becaus they just kept say i did n't need help if my wrist were n't actual cut . i wa like `` dude ! but they 're bleed ! i 'm gon na die ! '' and everyon just walk away from me . i know there 's some mean behind `` be cut off at the wrist '' and then be abandon , but i 'm not quit sure what . 
wow , i have n't written in here in a while . not becaus i have n't had ani dream late , but becaus i forgot about thi log . last night , i had a dream that i woke up , and i wa call for my cat , and it wa nowher to be found , and i went outsid to look for it , and there wa a note on my door say that the apart manag would charg me 35 dollar a day out of my bank account until i paid my $ 250 pet deposit , or i would never see my cat again . so now i 'm realli scare that my cat will get taken away . either that , or i 'll have to pay a lot of money to get it back . 
me , lisa , jason ? and kelli ? i think , were all work at tommi 's and we got hella busi , and i went in the back room and everyon wa stare at me . i wa like , `` have ani of you been wait on ? '' and they were all , no . so i wa like , `` who 's first ? '' and they just stare at me , so i wa like , `` fuckit . we 'll take you becaus you 're onli one person and everyon els is in group . '' so i got everyon menu and start to get thi one guy 's order , and then hi friend show up so i got hi . then i went over to anoth tabl to get their order and they could n't decid what they want and were take forev , and more peopl were come in , and one guy came in and said he had a parti of 20 that want to come in and eat , so i kept look at the group wait and the tabl i wa wait on , and i wa just like , `` fuck ! '' realli loud . everyon look at me , and i wa like , `` sorri . '' then i took their order . then i went up to get some food and i start yell at lisa and she freak out on me and start go into labor from the stress . so i had kelli call an ambul or someth for her and she went to the hospit , but then my dream cut out like I wa go to the hospit with her , and we rear end monica lewinski get out of a jaguar , and she said she wa go to sue us for all we had.. then we were walk around in the hospit and somehow we got lost , and we went to some class about monkey or someth . then i apolog for be a bitch at tommi 's but also said that if there were four peopl on the floor and it wa pack we could have easili handl it had we been cut into section , but sinc we were all over the place , we could n't rememb where all of our tabl were and that 's where we fuck up . she said it wa cool and then she went into labor more and went to go have her babi , and i went back to tommi 's . oti ? what 's hi name ? the bu driver from the simpson pick me up from tommi 's in a limo , except it wa like an old limo.. like a roll royc from the 1970 . anyway i wa go downtown to stay at some shitti hotel or a hostel or someth , and he drove me like a block away and stop and start to call a cab . and i wa all , `` can i leav some of my stuff in your limo ? '' and he did n't want me to so i start put lot of stuff in a bag so it would be easier to carri . i put two tini bounci ball in there , some kind of small doll with long blond pigtail , my sketchbook , and a few other thing . i overheard him tri to set up some kind of drug deal with the guy that wa come to pick us up in the cab , but i wa n't pay attent . then i woke up becaus my cat knock over ten box . 
fuck . i had a dream come true today and i wa hope it would be in here . and it is n't . and that 's the whole reason i start thi ish . so i 'm start it back up . i need to keep track of thi crap more often . 
i had two de ja vu 's while in chicago last week . i had one dream that will stick with me forev even tho i ca n't rememb it at all . i like chicago . 
i 've had crazi dream ever sinc i start date matt . so mani that i ca n't even rememb half of them when i wake up , and they 're so detail that i do n't have time to write them all down befor i go to work in the morn . i need to keep up with thi , becaus in the past two month i 've had more de ja vu 's than i 've probabl had my whole life . 
scari fuck dream about an hour ago : i 'm at matt 's ( which is obvious not matt 's now ) place and it 's like a dreamhous . we 're walk all throughout the hous . it 's one level , but it 's got like three step that go down into a live room from the bedroom on the right , step that go back up to the left of the live room that lead into a kitchen , behind the live room there 's a pool room , with a heat indoor pool , and behind that there 's some kind of indoor place that he keep all hi wild anim . hors , boar , all differ exot thing . he 's take me on a tour and it 's at night and he doe n't want to turn ani of the light on , just use a flashlight . so i keep trip on stuff and tell him i do n't know my way around the place like he doe and i wish he would turn on a light but he tell me it 's not safe . we start to go back to the bedroom and i see someon dress all in black break in about 100 feet away from us . i grab matt and we stop in our track and i tell him there 's a burglar and to run . we run the opposit direct , toward some back door , and thank matt ha a system that if ani door is broken into there are a seri of door that will open up to guid your way out for a number of second and then lock again . he stay right outsid of hi place so he can sneak back in and call someon , and that 's fine coz i know he 'll be safe . i kept run till i got to thi place with all these peopl wait in line . there are some kind of teller behind glass window and i start yell `` help , help ! '' and one of the teller tell me to wait becaus they 're check to see where the burglar is right now in my hous . so i 'm stand there wait for him to tell me what to do , and thi evil motherfuck come up to me and say someth like , `` thought you could get away so easili , huh ? '' and it 's the same guy . i start back up and he come at me with scissor . they 're realli realli sharp and he start cut my hand . thi goe on for a few minut , each time he 's get out some sharp object and tri to cut my vein . someon catch both of us and tri to keep us at a distanc while they 're escort us to a safe place where they can lock him up and keep me safe , but he keep tri to get at me . at one point we 're both suppos to go through some kind of metal detector thing and there are two right next to eachoth and we go through them and he jump over hi side and start go at me again . the guard are all tri to get him off . i woke up after that . and it freak me the fuck out . 
i had some freaki weird dream thi weekend . one that i can rememb , so i 'll go with that one . it wa like i wa in a video game , so i 'll describ it like i 'm go to creat it , becaus eventu , someon 's go to make someth exactli like thi . it 's kind of like one of those choos your own adventur book , but you travel around thi world , and you can pick which direct you 're go in , north , east , south or west . i start go east , and i began the game by get train on how to pack a travel backpack . depend on what you pack , you can run faster ( if you pack light ) , or fight harder ( if you pack lot of weapon , but thi make you run slower , becaus you 're weigh down more , obvious ) . i chose to pack light , and i wander into a small town with friendli villag . they gave me a place to stay and i bought and sold what i need while i explor the area . i made a nice room and one day they came in and told me they were be attack by the not so nice neighbor villag . they basic told me that thi would be the last time i 'd see thi place , becaus they were attack it so much that it wa n't go to last veri long , so everyon wa pack as much as they could carri and get the hell out of there . what i had to do wa pack what i could , and use my train in pack to decid if i wa go to need to run fast or pack heavi , and if an enemi came too close , i had to hide myself and the closest villag somewher that they could n't find us until they move on . usual it wa under a bed . if they got too close , it wa up to me to get discov and then fight them . after that i had to choos between either run into the desert where there would be harder monster to fight or to go through the amazon river , where i might run into some pretti big snake and allig and other fearsom thing , but would n't be found by ani monster or bounti hunter . i chose the river , and hurri through waist-deep water where i had to fight a few anaconda but i had a good size knife with me that luckili wa n't too heavi , which is whi i pick to pack it to begin with , so i got out aliv . after that i could choos to either travel farther east into asia or i could choos to go south to african plain . of cours , it wa n't asia or african plain where i 'd be head , becaus thi wa a complet differ planet in a complet differ univers that i wa on . but you get the point . the whole idea is realli great , and i know they have stuff out there like thi alreadi , but thi wa way more complic than anyth i 've ever seen , and way more choic as well . you could ditch all your possess and start anew , or keep get a heavier rucksack but own more thing . or you could choos to build a hous some place and find post offic in differ town to send some of your item to your home for whatev currenc they use . which meant you had all differ kind of currenc , with differ exchang rate and everyth . you could go one place and end up pay appx . one dollar to send an assload of stuff to your home across the world , or you could pay $ 50 grand to send one thing , all depend on where you were . which meant if you want to save money , you 'd have to either carri a lot of item until you reach the cheapest destin , or sell thing for cash until you got there . you also made certain aquaint along the way , some of which were enemi , and some were friend . you could write to them to keep in touch , and sometim they would send you thing with their card back , sometim money , sometim just pictur postcard of what wa go on wherev they were . and you could do the same thing . you could take pictur of wherev you were and send it to them or back home to cherish when you got back . the goal of the game wa to travel to as mani place as possibl befor you end up back home . if you end up back home , everyth would reset and you would have to travel to everi place you 've alreadi visit to have ani recollect of it whatsoev . if you had enemi all over the place , you would n't be abl to visit certain place without have a bounti out on you , becaus everyon want you dead in that certain place . which mean you could still go there , but you 'd have to sneak around , and you would n't be abl to talk with mani peopl becaus you 'd be easili recogniz to everyon . there 's a black market in each town , where you can get mod on just about anyth you own , if you were tote around a donkey you could give it a rocket booster pack so it could go faster . if you were carri a gun you found from a dead bodi you could buy it a new silenc . also , differ part of the world you could get differ train . if you went to asia you could train to be a ninja . america would teach you polit , and so on and so on . if thi were the world we know , that is . think about the endless possibl . think about the endless expans pack . think about the endless market . i could sell thi idea to someon easili . do n't you even think about take it . 
thi is the second or third time i 've had thi dream , and each time i 've either woken up on my own or been woken up by a phone call or someth els at the perfect time . i 'm be chase by dinosaur , but it 's not just me , it 's hundr of peopl . like a school . but older than high schooler , but not quit as old as me . mayb 19 , 20 , 21. and there 's my teacher from high school tri to guid everyon away from the dinosaur , tri to calm the chao . it 's the same chase scene everi time , where we run from place to place hope that the dinosaur wo n't find us , onli to be told they 're head straight for us , but then we do n't run . we wait , hope that if we 're perfectli still , they 'll just pass on by . but they never do . they 'll sniff around at a select few , then shriek the most horrid nois i 've ever heard , then munch down on a coupla kid befor everyon run and hide somewher els . it 's alway the same stori , but alway in a differ set . thi time we were in a huge museum , or someth like that , like an aquarium . we could see the dinosaur ' shadow from three room away everi time they pass by an ocean exhibit . we got news from someon that they were head our way , and each time thi happen , it 's alway through a door that i just happen to be stand right next to . everyon turn and look at the door , then they all turn and look at me , just know that i 'll be the next victim . and then i wake up . fuck dinosaur , i wish i knew what thi meant . 
i wa in some kind of sci-fi worl , in a build that wa veri high , and i wa on the top floor . we were all get into elev , and someon start shoot at everyon , so i ran into an elev and as it wa close i saw my boyfriend in anoth elev desper cri . so i ran out of that one and into hi . i ask him what wa wrong , he said he would die if he did n't get some kind of tea or chai or melon ball . some kind of food ball that wa use for remedi . the elev went veri slow and nobodi in the elev had one . as soon as it stop i ran out and start scream for a ball , a tai chi ball or melon ball and thi one girl had a tea pill , she said that would work just as good , so she ran over and i put it in hi mouth just as he die . i woke up hope he would wake up but veri , veri sad , like it would be a miracl if he did . 
i had the craziest fuck dream last night . i woke up and wa walk around in my trailer , and my boyfriend said , `` that 's a lot of pierc . '' i look down and i had my whole chest pierc . 4 ring around each of my nippl and a line of stud go straight across my chest in between my breast . i said someth like , `` when did i do thi ? '' he said , `` last night , you do n't rememb ? '' appar i wa drunk last night and all i could rememb wa go to bed . then lindsey , a custom that come into work all the time , came up to me and i said , `` do you rememb where i went last night ? '' and he said the last time he saw me i wa walk to the tattoo shop . so i sat and thought about it for a while , and i could n't rememb for the life of me how i paid for thi , when or where i did it , or how i got there . but i start look at it and i figur it wa pretti cool , and if i want to i could alway take it out . but then i start think about how bad it would look with my new bikini swimsuit that i bought , and i realiz if i just took out a coupl of the ring i could pull it off without anyon notic it . it did n't hurt , it look complet heal , and it felt fine when i mess with it . it 's so weird , becaus i would never get anyth like that done in real life , nor live in a trailer , nor get so drunk that i would n't rememb someth like that . much less wake up the next day and it would be complet heal . what is a dream tri to say when you do someth so insan to your outer bodi and do n't have a problem with it ? 
i had a dream last night that my friend 's boyfriend wa chandler from friend and i went to hi hous and we had sex and i felt realli bad about it afterward so i call my friend and told her and chandler got all piss off at me and made me go through hi whole hous to get to some kind of hide place becaus he said that she 'd come over and kill me so he had to hide me . i do n't rememb much detail except for the fact that hi hous wa realli , realli nice . and i want it . 
it wa me and some sci-fi dude , tri to excap from thi pod we were in . everyth wa metal . metal everywher . and we were underground . someth wa danger , someth we were tri to get away from . we made it to the elev , onli to find the evil we were tri to escap wa stand in front of us . it turn around and look at us . matt woke me up befor someth bad happen . i shudder when i woke . 
hyperdictionari 's definit of have tornado in a dream is : see a tornado in your dream , suggest that you are experienc some extrem emot outburst and temper tantrum . Is there a situat or relationship in your life that may be potenti destruct ? dream that you are in a tornado mean that you are feel overwhelm and out of control . you will be met with a seri of disappoint for the next week or so . your plan will be fill with complic . see sever tornado in your dream , repres peopl around you who are prone to violent outburst and shift mood swing . It may also symbol a volatil situat or relationship . last night i dreamt that my friend and famili were all about to be hit by a tornado . i saw it come , thi massiv expans of a thing . twist and twirl and eat up the sky . first i got everyon that i could out of harm 's way , and when i ran outsid there wa anoth one come straight for me . i start look for the nearest safest build , and it wa a huge gym . like in a school . i went in and there were ton of peopl on the bleacher , all stare at my dad and some woman huddl in a corner . i ran over to them and told them to stay here , and then told everyon els to take cover under the bleacher becaus there wa a huge tornado head our way . of cours noon believ me until they heard the roar from a distanc . everyon wa tri to get into the gym , and there i wa , stand in the middl of it all , wait for it to happen . and then i woke up . 
