On the outskirt of the town of furukawa , the blind masseur and master blade-sling zatoichi encount one-arm chines martial artist wang kang and a young boy . discov that the pari are on the run from the corrupt local samurai , murder of the boy 's parent , zatoichi agre to guid them to a nearbi templ . unforuten , thing are never that easi fro the blind man , as he becom entangl in the struggl to save not onli these two , but also the live of the peopl they come across . when the situat worsen , zatoichi may discov that hi greatest enemi is not the men sent to kill the parti , but wang kang and the lack of a common languag between the two of them . As the crisi escal , the two master swordsmen will find themselv in a confront where onli one will walk away aliv ! OK , first , when will bandit learn never to tri and ambush ichi while he is walk through tall grass ? the last two hundr guy that tri that end up dead . will they never learn ? the movi start show a famili of chines perform travel in japan . thi wa interest becaus they were speak chines , so on the right side of the screen there wa the japanes subtitl run vertic . So I wa distract tri to read both the english subtitl and the japanes subtitl . I gave up quickli though . the famili meet and befriend wang , who is go to a templ to demonstr hi martial art . the group ran into an offici process , and like the other travel on the road , prostrat themselv . you just did that when samurai went by , or els ... well , the son of the perform had a kite that blew toward the process and he rush after it . bad idea . one of the samurai wa about to cut him down when wang sprang into action . well the samurai go berserk and start kill everyon , includ the perform . the samurai want no wit . you might be wonder where ichi come in . right about now . He find the boy wander and help him . eventu , wang , after do some kung fu ass-kick , find ichi and the boy . well , it seem wang onli speak chines , so there is a lot of miscommun between he and zatoichi . some pretti funni stuff . they end up hide at the home of a famili , who wit the slaughter , but escap . about that time a gang boss enter the pictur . damn gang boss ! thi boss want to find the fugit becaus if he doe , hi gang we be allow to assist in the fief 's process to the capit , edo . be given thi honor will rais the rank both of himself and hi organ . long stori short , the boss find out that the famili is hide wang and the boy and kill the famili , all but the daughter , then tell her that ichi sold them out , someth she eventu pass on to wang . So more misunderstand ensu , though not of the humor kind . It is veri , veri deadli . It wa pretti interest to see kung fu alongsid ichi 's sword . appar urllink Yu wang , who play wang kang , wa famou for play the one arm swordsman in a seri of kung fu movi , so have him meet ichi wa a big deal at the time . I like the charact of wang kang , and the scene where he and ichi tri to commun were veri good . there wa a bit of a cheesi , heavi hand moral of `` if onli we could understand each other , we could get along , '' but despit that , it wa a good movi . 
thi is a cool site with short movi of a urllink battl reenact in japan . check 'em out ! 
No good deed goe unpunish for zatoichi , the blind masseur and master swordsman . after deliv the babi of a die woman and fulfil her last wish to take her infant to the town of shiobara , he find the father miss and must leav the child with hi aunt , oya- . immedi take a like to the young woman , he resolv to help her when her inn is turn into a brothel by tetsugoro , the local yakuza boss . thing take a turn for the wors when zatoichi fight to have the perform at the upcom festiv perform without yakuza tax . enrag by hi audac , tetsugoro put a price on the blind man 's head . meanwhil , the babi 's father , sataro , return home , and a misunderstand result in him blame the masseur for hi wife 's death . As the danger on both side escal , zatoichi 's sword-can will fli and the blood will flow into the street ! urllink zatoichi At larg is the 23rd movi in the seri . It start with ichi come across a woman who had just been attack and rob . she is veri pregnant , and the stress of the robberi ha put her into labor . the blind man help deliv the babi , but the woman die , though not befor tell him to take the babi to the town of shiobara , take it to her husband . In the town , ichi find that the babi 's father is not there , but hi sister , oya- is . He visit her , drop off her newborn nephew . she admit she never met her brother 's wife ( he and hi wife live in anoth town ) , that he wa suppos to be come with her . ichi decid to stay in town until the father of the babi arriv , so he can tell him in person what happen . while stay in town , he befriend the local constabl , who ran out the last yakuza gang from hi town . Of cours , the veri next scene ha anoth yakuza gang march in . the boss , tetsugoro , ha bought up all the villag 's debt , and turn the inn , where oya- work , into a brothel . If the villag can not pay , he take their women to work in the brothel . oya- borrow money when her father wa sick , 1 ryo , but now they say she now owe 20 ! she is sure her brother will arriv the next day with the money and save her ... you can pretti much see where thi is go . the wife had the money , and had it stolen from her at the begin of the movi ... the yakuza boss in thi one is a real scum-bag . the boss usual are , but thi guy wa particularli slimi , but thi kind of villain is great , becaus when he get hi comeupp , you realli savor it . the constabl turn out to be a veri cool and honor man , more than will to overlook ichi 's crimin past becaus he feel the blind man is do good for the peopl . there is also a ronin , hire by the boss , who turn out to realli like and respect ichi and hi skill . Of cours , that mean they must fight to the death . natur . and , best of all ... monkey ! there wa a group of perform in the town for a festiv , and a sarumawashi , a monkey trainer . veri cool . yet anoth solid ichi movi . come for the lightn fast sword work , stay for the monkey . 
here 's a nice , veri thorough site about urllink japanes sword . I realli like their visual glossari . there 's enough info here to keep you busi for a while read it all . I 'd better get back to it ... 
yesterday wa our final iaijutsu class until the fall . all twenti some-odd deshi wander over to a park near sensei 's hous where we practic for about two hour . We start with hyaku giri , one hundr cut , which turn out to be more like ni hyaku san juu giri , two hundr and thirti cut . each of us got to use the huge , musashi style bokuto . It is a monstrou wooden sword , both long and heavi . I 'd like to get one . then we work on two-way cut , then four-way . We then broke off into group lead by the senior student and work on urllink happo giri . then , we learn a veri cool new eight cut practic . It use the eight basic cut , and ha the coolest end sequenc ever . jame say that he ha it down pretti well , and is go to go through it with tammi and I . It 'll be a cool thing to work on over the summer . after that we went back to sensei 's and did tameshigiri , test cut . We got to use a shinken , a live sword . It wa a bit intimid , but veri cool . We had roll tatami mat on a post , and got a few swing at it . I suck on my first few tri , but kinda got a feel for it . It 's amaz what a real sword urllink can do even if onli to a roll mat of rice straw . then there wa a bbq , with all kind of tasti food and drink . I tri some imo jochu , which is a kind of japanes alcohol made from sweet potato . It wa pretti good ... had an interest tast . So all and all , it wa a good day . the weather wa beauti and it wa not too hot . though , I did get a bit of a sunburn ... my head and nose are bright red , and I just know they are go to be hurt soon . 
last year on japan 's nhk network , they show a weekli histor drama base on the charact of miyamoto musashi . thank to my friend chri , who ha satellit power , I got to see a hand of episod . It wa pretti cool , especi the actor who play musashi , ichikawa shinnosuk . I later discov that he is a famou kabuki actor , and just recent took the name of ichikawa ebizo XI . check out thi articl on urllink japan time , and all will be made clear . 
OK , for those of you like both japanes and rpg 's , here 's a site for you : urllink scoop rpg . I have n't realli read much yet , but I plan on tri to translat my way though some of it . 
In a town where women are bought and sold , zatoichi stumbl upon a secret organ head by yamikubo , the dark imperi lord . the `` boss of boss , '' blind like zatoichi , take and interest in the messeur , guid him on the path of destini and the duti of the sightless . howev , a chanc encount with two beauti women might be the end of zatoichi , as both a jealou husband and the town yakuza want hi head ! urllink zatoichi and the festiv of fire is the 21st movi in the seri . the dark imperi lord ! sound omin eh ? turn out he is also blind , and while at first seem like he is an OK guy , he turn out to be veri evil . the movi start with ichi tri to help a woman who wa bought at a slave auction to escap . He can tell that she is a woman of higher rank and is confus as to how she got into such a circumst . her jealou husband , a ronin , show up as she slip away in the night . He , the ronin , assum that she ha slept with ichi ... later , after meet the boss of boss , ichi meet a woman at a gambl hous and immedi fall for her , search around for her in the town . It is usual the other way in ichi movi , with the women fall for him . It wa a nice chang of pace to see him pine for the woman . Of cours , she is not exactli who she appear to be . there is one set piec that realli stand out ; a bath hous fight . ichi is ambush while bath , by thug sent by the boss of boss , and the ensu fight scene is one of the best in the seri . It 's also pretti funni becaus all the combat are nake , so some creativ film wa done to cover that up . ichi prove that he is as lethal with a katana as he is with hi signatur sword cane , and the blood in the bath is use to great effect . there are a coupl of other nice scene , one where ichi draw and cut one of the underl 's tea cup while he is still drink . the other is a game of go between ichi and the other blind man . It start out seriou , but quickli becom silli . Oh , and the open credit with ichi tri to get away from an overli friendli dog had me laugh out loud . all thing consid , thi wa a pretti good entri in the seri , if for no other reason , the fight at the bathhous . 
kyoshiro is drug and kidnap for the pleasur of the shogun 's degener daughter , princess taka . featur the famou ambush at the public bath ! urllink the sword of adventur is the second movi in the nemuri kyoshiro seri . Of cours , I watch it after watch the 4th movi . d'oh ! well , thi kind of movi seri doe not realli requir that you watch thing in order . the stori begin in edo , just befor the new year celebr . kyoshiro meet an old man , and save him from an assassin . It turn out the old man is the shogun 's financ commission and ha made a power enemi . the commission ha suggest that the regal daughter ' allow be cut , say that the money could be better use serv the peopl . one princess , taka , use to a life of wanton luxuri , is not pleas and want him dead . problem is , kyoshiro like the old man , and take it on himself to look after the commission . after she encount kyoshiro , taka find that she both love him and want him dead . just hi luck ... I think I like thi one better than urllink joyoken . It did n't have all the trippi , religi stuff in it . It wa pretti straight forward , and had an excel support cast . plu , we get to learn a bit more about kyoshiro 's famou `` full moon cut techniqu . '' start from the bottom , he slowli draw a larg circl with hi sword . It is said that by the time he finish the circl , hi oppon will be dead . I wa uncertain about thi seri after see the 4th movi . there wa good stuff in it , but it did n't realli draw me in , like thi one did . I wonder if I 'll be abl to find ani of the other ? 
kiru ! yesterday in iai class we did some test cut , or tameshigiri . sensei strung a cloth line across the dojo and hung a section of newspap from it with cloth pin . We then work on do straight cut on it with our iaito . they have no blade , but you can still cut newspap . well , some peopl can . My cut wa a bit sucki , just a littl on the bottom . jame wa the man , and cut it in twain ! 
I have found that I am learn some strang japanes by watch all these jidaigeki . well , mayb not strang , just differ . thing I might not have learn elsewher . here are some exampl : han and cho : han is odd , cho is even . these are call out dure dice game , of which I 've seen about a dozen in variou zatoichi movi . two dice are thrown in a cup onto a mat , with the cup cover them . peopl bet on han or cho . Of cours ichi listen to the dice and can tell if they are han or cho , and also if the dice are load . o-samurai-sama : you hear thi one a lot , or a variat , o-samurai-san . As I mention in my urllink O post , o is often use as an honorif befor a word . san or sama is an honorif ad at the end of a word , so in these case you get an honorif sandwich . mmmmm ... honorif sandwich ... . kiru : thi is the verb that mean `` to cut , '' which , in the day of the samurai wa also use to mean `` to kill , '' for obviou katana relat reason . you usual hear it in thi sort of context : boss : you have been humili by the blind swordsman . what will you do ? ronin : kiru ! ( kill him ! ) I 'm sure there are other , but those are the one that came to my mind . If I think of ani more I ' l post them . 
I guess I could actual put a link up so peopl can see my first real tri at shodo . here is my attempt at write urllink dai . 
here 's anoth bit of interest languag stuff from j-list.com . I knew about some of thi stuff , ad `` o '' at the begin to `` soften '' the word , or give it honorif statu . and now I know a word never to say if I 'm on japanes TV ! relat to japanes polit speech is the honorif `` o '' that goe in front of some word to give them a higher statu . word like money ( okan ) or relationship like mother or grandmoth ( okaasan , obaasan ) take the honorif `` o '' -- it could be translat as `` honor '' in english , but of cours it 's never translat blatantli like that ( thank god ) . It 's interest to notic the pattern of word that take thi `` o '' -- word have to do with death or buddhism tend to take it ( otera = templ , okou = buddhist incens ) , yet word relat to japan 's shinto religion usual do n't . english loan word never get the special `` o '' prefix , either . ad the honorif `` o '' to word sort of `` soften '' the word , so word relat to children or babi tend to take it ( omaru = child 's toilet , omutsu = diaper , oshiri = a cute word refer to a person 's rear end ) . men often put the honorif `` o '' on one of their favorit word , which is the onli bad word in japanes ( e.g. , the onli word they would n't let you say on TV ) . the word is `` manko , '' and in it honorif form , `` omanko , '' which refer to a femal reproduct organ . 
A few week ago , we had a shodo class at the dojo . shodo is basic japanes calligraphi . the kanji use in the word are the one for `` write '' and `` way '' , so shodo is `` the way of write . '' I 've been interest in it for a while . back in the convers japanes class that sensei taught , we did a littl shodo , and I thought it wa pretti cool . A friend of sensei 's , from japan , is a rank shodo master . I think she is 4th dan , but I may be mistaken . she gave us some veri basic exercis to work on . It wa cool , we work at low tabl set up in the dojo , sit in seiza . well , I should say , I sat in seiza until I could no longer feel my feet , then switch to cross leg until I could feel them again . We learn enough stroke to make a veri simpl kanji in shodo , in thi case `` dai '' or `` oo '' , which mean larg or big . In the fall , sensei hope to have monthli shodo class . I 'm there ! 
when a local gambl hous kidnap some peasant becaus they fail to pay their debt , a rival gambl hous pay their debt and set them free . but it 's realli all just a ploy to enlist ichi 's aid in elimin the competit . onc that 's been attend to , the master of the surviv hous of chanc grab more and more power -- and more and more cash from the hapless farmer . even and blind man can see that justic must be done ! urllink zatoichi the outlaw , the sixteenth movi in the seri , is the first produc by katsu product , urllink shintaro katsu 's own compani . there is a shift in tone , at least it seem that way to me . It wa a littl darker ... there were two charact suicid , some limb chop off , ton of blood , and a decapit . quit a chang from the previou movi . the movi start with ichi enter a villag , and encount some farmer in the field sing a song about give up gambl and drink , someth the blind man think is strang . the farmer are be taught by a philosoph ronin who is teach them better farm techniqu , as well as how to be better peopl . Of cours the town is have troubl ; there are two gambl boss . each want to lure the farmer to their casino . ichi end up befriend one the the boss , whom he respect as be a man of justic , and take out the other boss and hi gang . It is a wonder scene ; a storm is roll in ... thunder and light ... then ichi show up like the rage of a storm . well , thi other boss turn out not to be the man of honor ichi thought . He get involv in the govern , and you know how that goe ... A year later ichi return to find thing wors than befor . the ronin-farm ha been arrest and is to be taken to edo and tri as a traitor to the shogun . ichi come to realiz that the ronin is the honor one , but it might be too late ... It 's a pretti good zatoichi movi , not the best , but it ha some interest charact and fight . there are a coupl of nice ichi moment . one is in a gambl hous and involv the old `` quick draw/cut the the dice trick . '' the other ha ichi kill a moth with a spit toothpick , unnerv one of the gambl boss . the blood is pretti cheesi , basic red water , but it is the first one with thi level of bloodsh . I 'm sure they 'll get better at it . 
A fugit christian `` saint '' ( femal , of cours ! ) and a sadist drug-addl princess both have their eye on kyoshiro . the fact that a bunch of ruthless smuggler also want him dead is the least of hi problem ! thi is the urllink 4th movi in the nemuri kyoshiro seri , and the first I 'd seen . I 'll admit I 'm not well vers in the mytho of kyoshiro , but I did find a bit on the net as well as what wa reveal in the movi . kyoshiro is a half-bre ronin ( hi mother wa japanes , hi father a foreign ) who wa conceiv dure a black mass . huh . Do n't see that veri often in jidaigeki . these movi take place dure the time when the tokugawa shogun wa crack down in christian in japan , so it is a central theme , especi in thi particular movi . well , that and kyoshiro cut down a lot of peopl . He 's a damn fine swordsman . the plot revolv around a group of smuggler , bring contraband , includ opium into japan from china . they use a doctor of the inner court of the shogun to take drug to the abov mention sadist drug-addl princess , the daughter of the former shogun . she 's pretti mess up . realli like kill peopl for fun , have christian crucifi , kill the men she ha sex with ... Of cours , kyoshiro reveal her for the monster she is . there is also a plot involv kyoshiro take a piec of jewelri to the virgin shima , a `` saint '' , for a christian he save , but wa later kill . the man told him , befor die , that the virgin know the circumst of kyoshiro 's birth . appar , he doe not know much about hi past . and anoth thing about kyoshiro , he 's kind of a dick . sure he help peopl , but he is the typic jidaigeki ronin ... he look out for himself , and rare doe anyth unless there 's someth in it for him . I wa surpris and pleas to see urllink tomisaburo wakayama in thi . He 's the brother of shintaro katsu ( zatoichi ) and also famou for hi portray of ogami itto in the lone wolf and cub seri of movi . He play a chines master of box in thi movi , and hi showdown with kyoshiro on the deck if a smuggl ship is excel . I hope to see anoth nemuri kyoshiro movi later thi week . I think it will be the second in the seri . more later ... 
tonight we had the last of our `` saturday night cinema '' view at sensei 's hous , and we watch urllink budo : the art of kill . what a pleasant titl eh ? It realli is n't as gruesom as the titl suggest . In fact , it is a documentari from the late 70 's about the fight art of japan . It cover everyth from kendo , karate-do , iaido , to aikido and lot inbetween . appar , some of these art had never realli been seen in the west , or littl wa known about them . Of cours , we were all veri interest in the sword-work . some amaz stuff with live sword , and the cut ... man , the tamashigiri ( practic cut ) wa phenomen . actual , a lot of the karat stuff wa sweet too , and pain look . If you are interest in the japanes martial art and can stand a cheesi 70 's soundtrack , tri and hunt thi one down . 
when wind of chang sweep japan , overthrow three centuri of shogun rule , gonzo , a peasant , enlist in the imperi restori forc , which promis to reform the oppress practic of the past . when the advanc guard approach hi home town , he convinc hi command to let him ride ahead and prepar the local for the advent of the new world order . when he triumphantli ride into town wear the red lion mane of offic he borrow from hi command , he expect a warm welcom , but get far more than he bargain for . hi friend think he 's go to save them , the incompet local offic think he 's after their head , a secret band of shogun fanat want him dead and he ca n't even read hi own proclam ! urllink mifun toshiro star in thi hilari epic of a man , a plan , and a larg red wig ! I admit I wa a bit leeri when I read the abov on the back of the video tape . I wa expect some sort of silli movi . sure , there wa silli , but also a great deal of serious . mifun play gonzo , a peasant 's son who ride into hi home town wear the red lion mane , and turn everyth upsid down . problem is , the boy ai n't quit right in the head . you see , there wa thi persimmon tree , and well , when gonzo wa younger he fell out and land on hi head and he 's not been quit right sinc . mifun play gonzo with a certain dimwit glee , and pull it off . I wa n't sure how mifun would be play a comic charact , but it wa perfect . A lot ha gone on the villag sinc he left ... well he did n't exactli leav by hi choic . In fact everyon thought he wa dead . the corrupt offici are even more corrupt , rais tax to the point where mani of the women in town , includ gonzo 's love , tomi , have been sold into prostitut in order to get the money to pay them . onc gonzo show up and see how thing are , he set about chang them . He is after all a high rank offici in the imperi restor forc , right ? that is pretti much the premis of the movi , with the first half have most of the humor , and the second half becom deadli seriou . A coupl of other charact realli stood out for me . one wa the pickpocket , sanji who is rather proud of hi abil to count in english , and doe so at everi opportun moment . He also suspect that not everyth is on the up and up with gonzo , but follow him nonetheless . the other is the ronin hire to kill gonzo , but alway get interrupt , or chang hi mind . gonzo can not seem to figur thi ronin out , and end up call him a `` weirdo '' dure everi one of their encount . the ronin is the most insight of the charact , point out that the onli differ between shogan control and imperi control is the design on the crest they wear . No matter who is in control , the peasant is still at the bottom . As I mention earlier , there is more than just comedi to thi movi , much more . there 's some good fight scene with some real gusher of blood , and some decapit head thrown in too . In the close minut , the dimwit gonzo becom a true hero to the peopl , which of cours , he thought he wa all along ... 
So tonight we learn the rest of tsuka hazushi . after you flip teki onto hi back , you do a revers draw , which is rather funki and is go to take a while until I feel `` right '' , then pin teki to the floor with the tip of the sword . anoth cut is perform , then the typic zanshin ( awar ) sequenc is done . not too bad realli . except sensei act as teki again , grab the sword , let us throw him . then we had to do the draw on him . grant , our sword are not sharp , but they have a sharp point that we were point downward at hi chest . A littl nerve-rack . Oh , and we did the kata with him realli hold on to the sword , like an oppon actual would . It wa hard as hell to do the kata , to get him off balanc , but it wa a good exercis . next week , our last regular class until the fall , we are go to go over all six kata that we now know . I 'd better get practic ! 
I guess I should explain iaijutsu a but . thi first select is from a brochur about tamiya ryu that sensei put togeth : iaijutsu is a martial art ( bujutsu ) that strive to supress a sudden attack by the attack ( teki ) against the defend ( ait ) use a singl , swift stroke of the sword . iaijutsu assum that everi attack use a japanes long sword ( nihon-to ) and seek to master the variou principl of draw and re-sheath the sword , attack , defens , etc . furthermor , iaijutsu is a martial way ( budo ) base on the doctrin of buddhism . As it is said : `` the sword and zen act in unison . '' iaijutsu practic it techniqu with a humbl and modest heart and continu train the spirit . thi next explan come from a handout sensei gave us last year , adapt from an articl in the program for the `` ginza holiday '' cultur festiv in chicago , illinoi , august 15-17 , 2003 . iaijutsu is veri commonli refer to as the `` art of the sword '' becaus one studi how to smoothli and grace draw and cut with the katana , or japanes long sword . howev , the more liter breakdown of iaijutsu illumin it deeper purpos . `` I '' mean `` to be '' or `` to sit '' and `` ai '' mean `` harmoni '' while `` jutsu '' mean `` art . '' So togeth iaijutsu can be view as the art of the harmoni of be . the iaijutsuka ( practition of iaijutsu ) practic not to defeat other , but rather to defeat the thing within them that prevent their self-develop . iaijutsu is practic as a seri of kata ( or form . ) each kata begin with the individu calmli sit or stand with their sword sheath . then , one or more perceiv assail suddenli attack the individu . the individu must draw hi sword and perform a cut or seri of cut to defend themselv . onc the perceiv assail have been deter , the sword is clean and re-sheath . In the midst of all thi action and perceiv conflict , the iaijutsuka must retain the calm state of mind they had while sit or stand . In addit to it medit focu on calm , iaijutsu also emphas awar , precis , effici and center relat to handl the sword and the self . other aspect includ manner and respect . iaijutsu can be studi alon but it is veri complimentari to other art , such as tea ceremoni , calligraphi and flower arrang , and is often taught alongsid kendo and aikido . 
for a littl over a year now , I 've been practic urllink tamiya ryu iaijutsu . In that time I 've learn a lot , and had some up and down in my train . I 'll be the first to admit that I realli need to practic more , but late I 've been crack down on myself . It ha n't been too hard , mainli becaus we 've start learn some realli interest stuff . that is not to say that the stuff we learn befor wa not interest , it 's just the new thing have realli click with me . for one thing , we have learn kiri oroshi happo giri , cut in 8 direct . Up until thi point , all of our cut practic ha been straight line cut ; that is to say , we would step forward and cut . In all the kata we have learn so far , that is the kind of cut we perform , but sensei want to spice thing up a bit . now we do a cut , then pivot to anoth direct , do anoth cut , pivot , etc . veri cool . mani of the later kata use the pivot , and he thought it would good for us to start lean it . We have also lean cut in 4 direct from a kneel posit . also cool . while I like the multi-direct cut , I still need to work on it ... sometim I get a bit off balanc . just got ta work on it more . the thing I realli like is the 6th kata , tsuka hazushi . the basic premis is that teki , your oppon , ha grab the tsuka ( hilt ) of your sword . It is your job to shake him off . It 's a realli interest kata , that is veri aikido like , end with teki be flip onto hi back . We have onli learn up to that point so far . tomorrow in class we will learn the draw and cut . I 'm look forward to it . anoth thing sensei ha had us do is go outsid the dojo and work on cut practic in the side yard . OK , cut while wear zori ( sandal ) in grass , not easi . sandal get all twist around and stuff . I hope it get easier with practic . 
two of japan 's legendari actor star in thi classic tale of greed and misfortun . zatoichi the blind masseur ( urllink shintaro katsu ) revisit a villag he ha fond memori of , onli to find that much ha chang . drought and famin have caus the villag to fall into the hand of the evil kobotok clan , run by eboshiya yasuk 's eldest son masagoro . eboshiya 's other son ha marri into the respect famili that run the shogun mint . the respect son is debas the coinag , the father is hide the loot , and the eldest son is tri to steal it from both of them with the help of a wander yojimbo ( bodyguard ) name sasa daisaku ( urllink toshiro mifun ) . zatoichi 's keen intuit lead him to the center of the conspiraci and ignit the famili feud . sword will slash , battl with rage , and blood will flow when zatoichi meet yojimbo ! first , I guess I should say a few word about zatoichi . He is a blind swordsman , and masseur . and a bit of a gambler . A scam artist realli . A yakuza . but , he ha a code , and is not keen on innoc be harm . the zatoichi movi fall squar into the yakuza geki categori , with quit a bit of swordplay thrown in , with ichi as the classic anti-hero . thi is the 20th zatoichi movi , and is commonli know as urllink zatoichi meet yojimbo . ye , the famou toshiro mifun is in thi , play a yojimbo ( bodyguard ) , but it is not suppos to be the same charact from sanjuro or yojimbo . It start with zatoichi go to a villag he 'd visit a few year earlier . It wa a peac place , a place where ichi believ he can go and get some rest , get away from all the bloodsh and violenc that seem to follow him everywher . well , it would be a pretti sucki zatoichi movi if he found such a place , eh ? Of cours , the villag is overrun by gangster , gambler and thug . there is a lot go on in the plot and it took me a bit to wrap my head around it . the yojimbo is a bit of a drunkard , who ha a thing for the femal lead , who is a prostitut . He plan on get enough money so she can buy out her contract and becom free , free to leav with him . there is an old man , and friend of ichi , who use to be the mayor of the town , but now make jozo statu to set the soul of the villag , who die in a famin , to rest . sever other interest , moral defici charact round out the cast . there is someth to do with the offici mint , and gold be siphon away from it . Oh , and a cool samurai charact who is equal deadli with a katana as he is with a pistol . and whi doe he seem to know the yojimbo ? truth , mifun steal the show . He ha such a presenc and swagger when he is on screen , and hi scene with katsu 's ichi are wonder . In one veri memor scene , the yojimbo play a bit of a prank on the blind man , who we discov ha a fear of height after he ha to visit a client on the forth floor of a hous . It wa a cruel prank , but it had me laugh the whole time . also the way the yojimbo mockingli say `` sensei '' back to hi toadi employ , masagoro , is priceless . even though thi movi is late in the seri , it would be a good introduct to the zatoichi movi . It incorpor mani of the element of previou ichi movi , but that is a good thing . and have mifun is just an ad bonu . 
A nugget of lingust fun from peter payn over at urllink j-list : `` there are a lot of word that the japanes invent that are fun to learn . one word that most fan of anim learn pretti quickli is the `` H '' ( the letter H ) , which when pronounc with a japanes accent sound like `` ecchi '' ( also written `` etchi '' ) . said by some to stand for the first letter of the word `` hen-tai '' ( which liter mean `` pervert '' in japanes ) , the word `` H '' is basic use to describ ani kind of steami situat or overli amor person . If a person think about sex too much , he is `` ecchi , '' and a popular euphem for have sex in japanes is `` H suru '' ( liter `` to do H '' ) . whatev it origin , `` H '' ( ecchi ) is a part of japanes cultur and languag , be it in anim , manga , televis drama and so on . '' 
alexanian sensei , a fellow jidaigeki geek , lent me a movi last week at iai class , call urllink gohatto in japanes , translat to taboo . He gave me a bit of a warn ... the subject matter wa not tradit jidaigeki fare . well , that wa quit an understat . the major theme in gohatto is that of homosexu among the samurai class , a topic not often explor . It take place in 1865 among the shinsengumi . the shinsengumi were station in kyoto , and were a sort of elit polic forc for the shogun . the stori revolv around sozaburo kano , a rather effemin young man with except fight skill , who becom a member of the shinsengumi , and arous desir among some of hi peer and superior . A rather interest turn of phrase that show up quit a bit dure the movi is `` lean that way '' , to refer to the those that desir kano . the stori take a darker turn when some of the men who love kano start turn up dead , and a mysteri take shape ; who is kill these men and whi ? I actual rather enjoy thi movi . It had except swordplay , and it wa interest to see homosexu explor in thi histor period . though , I think that the true theme of the movi is that of lust and power be destruct forc . kano use the lust that other have for him to give himself more power . also rumor play an import , and again , destruct role in the film . obvious , I do n't want to give too much away . the act wa veri good . urllink ryuhei matsuda , who play kano , ha a mesmer look about him , but there is danger beneath the surfac . also of note , is urllink beat takeshi , who play toshizo hijikata , a captain of the shinsengumi , who understand the danger undercurr of jealous among the men where kano is concern . takeshi is a famou director , who recent wrote , direct , and stare in urllink zatoichi . thi is from amazon.com . I think thi editori review sum it up more elegantli than me : thi fascin , gorgeou film examin homosexu passion among the samurai of an 1865 militia . taboo center around a young samurai name kano , whose smooth face and soft beauti make him an object of desir . rumor about who might be hi lover lead to a love triangl , dazzl swordfight , and a mysteri murder . the stori is intrigu enough , but what make taboo even more strike is that the heterosexu samurai treat their comrad 's queer lean as possibl danger , but onli becaus of the potenti for jealousi and inflam passion -- there 's no sens that they see it as unnatur or even unmanli , in strike contrast with the american militari view . japanes superstar beat takeshi play a samurai captain struggl to maintain order in the rank . 
So what exactli is jidaigeki ? basic it is a japanes period movi , usual set befor the meiji restor ( when the emperor wa reinstat , thu end the age of the shogun . ) As such , they are stori about samurai , histor person or event , even legend and horror stori . most peopl in the west are familiar with the jidaigeki work of urllink akira kurosawa . urllink seven samurai , urllink yojimbo , urllink hidden fortress , and mani other . under the head of jidaigeki there are three sub-genr : sengoku jidai , movi set dure the sengoku period of japan ( 1490-1600 ) ; ken geki , sword fight , or chambara , movi ; yakuza geki or gangster film . Of cours , sword-fight is integr to all of these type , which is whi the blanket term of jidaigeki is usual use . It is my plan to discuss and review variou jidaigeki on thi blog . I am by no mean an expert on the genr , nor have a seen more than a tini fraction of what is out there . I just enjoy watch them . and talk about them . Oh , I should mention that the name of thi blog , urllink ame agaru , is the titl of one of my favorit jidaigeki . actual , it 's one of my favorit movi , period . more on it later ... 
I kill my old blog last week . I had grown weari of it and decid I need a fresh start , and mayb a littl more focu . over the weekend I ponder what to do , and came to a decis ... I would do the blog on stuff that I 'm interest in , name japanes stuff . specif , iaijutsu , jidaigeki and japanes languag and cultur . I will go more into each of those topic soon , when I 'm not blog from work ... 
hiroshi inagaki 's acclaim samurai trilog is base on the novel that ha been call japan 's gone with the wind . thi sweep saga of the legendari seventeenth-centuri samurai musashi miyamoto ( power play by toshiro mifun ) play out against the turmoil of a devast civil war . the trilog follow musashi 's odyssey from unruli youth to enlighten warrior . In the first part , urllink musashi miyamoto , the hero 's dream of militari glori end in betray , defeat , and a fugit lifestyl . but he is save by a woman who love him and cun priest who guid him to the samurai path . thi instal won the 1955 academi award for best foreign film . I 've had thi dvd for a year now and final watch it . now I 'm go to have to break down an get the other two part . yep , the movi is a trilog , and thi first part set the stage . We are introduc to the wild youth , takezo ( who later becom musashi . ) He talk hi childhood chum , matahachi , into join him in the armi in search of honor and glori . the two run off , matahachi leav hi fiance otsu behind . they soon find out that there is not as much glori or honor as they thought . they surviv a huge battl , and hide with two bandit women , a mother and daughter , who scaveng the bodi of the dead warrior for weapon , armor , and other valuabl . after a battl with a gang who want a cut of the women 's loot , matahachi run off with the women , leav takezo to return home . He doe , but find that he is a fugit , hunt by the local author . the onli peopl who seem concern for him is otsu , matahachi 's heart-broken love , and takuan , a buddhist priest . matahachi 's mother blame takezo for take her son away , and want him to pay . and otsu find herself fall in love with him ... the movi is base on the novel musashi written by eiji yoshikawa that wa publish in serial form from 1935 until 1939 . I have to admit , I have the translat of the book , but have not read it yet . It about one thousand page . mayb at some point I will read it . the book , and movi , is the fiction account of the famou real-lif japanes swordsman , urllink musashi miyamoto , author of the famou book of the five ring . As usual , mifun is excel , but I realli like kuroemon ono who play the priest takuan . actual , the scene with the two togeth are some of the best in the movi , as the kind , but wili priest tri to convinc takezo to becom a true warrior . there is not much more to say about thi , as it is the open chapter . hope I will get to the see the other two soon ... 
urllink brian ritchi , the bassist of the violent femm , is a shakuhachi player . hi site ha a lot of inform about the instrument as well some mp3 from hi shakuhachi album , which I must get ! 
the folk over at urllink kung Fu cinema have put up a page with urllink comment by beat takeshi about zatoichi , which open in limit releas today here in the state . 
I found a cool site call urllink zen stori to tell your neighbor . there are a few dozen short zen stori , some of which I 'd heard befor in longer form . for instanc , there is a short version of one of my favorit about the tea master and the swordsman : A master of the tea ceremoni in old japan onc accident slight a soldier . He quickli apolog , but the rather impetu soldier demand that the matter be settl in a sword duel . the tea master , who had no experi with sword , ask the advic of a fellow zen master who did possess such skill . As he wa serv by hi friend , the zen swordsman could not help but notic how the tea master perform hi art with perfect concentr and tranquil . `` tomorrow , '' the zen swordsman said , `` when you duel the soldier , hold your weapon abov your head , as if readi to strike , and face him with the same concentr and tranquil with which you perform the tea ceremoni . '' the next day , at the appoint time and place for the duel , the tea master follow thi advic . the soldier , readi himself to strike , stare for a long time into the fulli attent but calm face of the tea master . final , the soldier lower hi sword , apolog for hi arrog , and left without a blow be struck . 
here 's a short interview with urllink tadanobu asano , the actor who I mention in my review of the new zatoichi movi . 
zatoichi is a blind wander who make a live by gambl and give massag . behind hi humbl facad , zatoichi is a master swordsman . In a gambl joint , zatoichi and trustworthi young friend shinkichi meet up with a coupl of geisha . okinu and her sister osei have come to town to aveng their parent ' murder . sinist henchmen are soon hunt down zatoichi . with hi legendari sword cane at hi side , zatoichi 's path is destin for mani violent showdown ... first a bit about thi review . I 'd seen thi movi a few month ago , but did not write a review for a few reason . the condit under which I watch it were less than idea . the group I saw it with wa fill with a peanut galleri who comment and giggl throughout , make it difficult to absorb the movi . secondli , earli that day I had eaten someth that did not agre with me , and the second half of the movi had me in massiv intestin pain . last month I pick up an oversea dvd of the movi , and final got around to watch it again . sadli , shintaro katsu pass away in 1995 . note director and actor urllink beat takeshi take over the mantl , play urllink zatoichi as well as write and direct the movi . He play the masseur much differ from katsu , but I kinda like hi ichi . In thi movi , he is veri enigmat , mysteri . He doe not talk much , but hi action speak for him . mani of theme and scenario are lift directli from the earlier movi , which give the movi a feel of familiar . one thing takeshi add is a lot of humor . there are a few real laugh-out-loud moment for me . the main stori is that of the geisha tri to aveng the murder of their parent . they have been systemat hunt down and kill all those involv , and after their path cross with ichi , it becom hi caus too . I should , at thi point mention ichi 's sidekick , shinkichi . He 's a gambler , and a bit of a goofbal and it is hi scene that had me laugh ; tri on geisha makeup , teach some of the local how to fight with a sword , attempt to learn how ichi win at dice all the time ... then there 's the scantili clad boy that run around the hous with a spear , shout . I wo n't even tri to explain it . Oh , then there 's the tap danc . the fight were nice and deadli , with CG blood take the place of the guyser of the 60 's and 70 's . for me , the stand out role is the charact of gennosuk hattori , play by urllink tadanobu asano . He play a ronin hire by a gang in the villag as a bodyguard , and is told to take out ichi . He charact want noth more than to get money to save is veri sick wife , and is a good man stuck in a bad situat . I thought the actor look familiar to me ; he had been in urllink gohatto . He is a veri good actor and I 'd like to see more of hi work . It wa nice to see the blind swordsman one more time . and as a side effect , interest in katsu 's movi ha increas again , both in japan and the state . can never have to much ichi as far as I 'm concern . 
there are mani , mani way to say `` I '' in japanes . there are some veri common one . `` watashi '' is a nice gender neutral one . `` boku '' is a bit rougher sound and is often use by male . `` atashi '' is use sometim by women . but there are more . there are also mani way to say `` you . '' urllink the japan page.com ha a page that urllink list a lot of them . 
well , the back of the dvd did n't have a plot synopsi for me to put here , so I guess I 'll have to get right down to busi . thi is the urllink 26th and final zatoichi movi that katsu shintaro made , and in some way , it 's the ultim zatoichi movi . I do not mean it is the best , becaus it certainli is not , but it incorpor the best element from the previou instal . think of it as a `` best of '' collect . for instanc , we have the typic ichi gambl sequenc ; an evil yakuza boss , and an equal corrupt govern offici ; an innoc girl that ichi ha to rescu ; a ronin hire to kill ichi who end up like and respect the masseur . all of the compon are there ... almost . the stori , sadli , is a littl weak . noth wonder about it , noth new . realli , the movi shine the most when ichi is on screen . katsu step right back into hi alter-ego after a 10 year hiatu . there are sever excel set piec , mostli the fight , that are some of the best I 've seen . that 's say a lot when you consid that katsu wa almost 60 when he film thi . He 's pretti darn sprightli . the blood geyser are pretti over the top in some place , but that is to be expect , it 's a late 80 's movi . Oh , and there 's thi cheesi song ... I ca n't even begin to describ it . It 's a kind of ballad-lik thing . It 's actual in english . that doe not make it better -- quit the contrari . now I do n't want you to get the impress that I did n't like thi movi , I did ! there were just some rough patch . the zatoichi seri doe not go out with a bang , but it doe not go out with a whimper either , so that 's someth . 
the flip of a coin lead the blind masseur and master swordsman zatoichi to hi hometown , a place he ha not visit in over two decad . despit hi extend hiatu , he find that sever peopl rememb him from hi hellcat youth , includ a `` sister '' that he never knew he had and the villag 's local govern superintend . but thing never stay quit for the masseur for veri long . An old face from ichi 's childhood , shinbei , ha hatch a nefari plot to rob the town of their valuabl commun quarri . the masseur is caught in the unenvi posit of mediat the conflict between hi former pal and the home of hi youth , with neither side will to budg . can ichi , the champion of the weak and oppress , do the right thing , even if it pit him against hi childhood chum ? So , wa there ani refer to ichi get hi hand pierc in the last movi . No , not a word . Of cours , there is no way of know how much time wa suppos to have pass between the movi , though thi movi wa releas about a year after the last one . Oh well . thi the urllink 25th zatoichi movi , and the last one made until 1989 , so there will be a bit of a gap , though actual , there wa a long run zatoichi TV seri that ran until 1979 . the movi start with ichi run into yuri and her gang of `` husband . '' basic she seduc guy , and her gang beat them up and steal their money . well , ichi is go home so he 's in no mood to play . onc he get to hi home town , he is grab by some wealthi guy and brought to work hi masseur skill on a wealthi merchant . the merchant turn out to be shinbei , an old childhood friend , but he act all high and mighti and pretend not to know ichi . later ichi meet a young woman , omiyo , who wa rais by the same woman that rais him after hi mother die . omiyo wa born after ichi left the villag but heard mani tale about him from the old woman , who had recent pass away . ichi and omiyo visit the woman 's grave and the hous they were both brought up , with ichi feel a bond with hi new found `` sister . '' well , you know thing ca n't remain peac for long . there are some crook peopl in the town . the superintend ha been overcharg the farmer tax buy have the tax box be bigger than it should , make them have to put more into it . shinbei step in and pay the extra money the farmer owe , but he ha ulterior motiv . He take over the farmer 's quarri , and begin get stone from it to sell , which is what he had plan the whole time . then shinbei meet omiyo , and decid he want her . you know that 's not go to go over well with ichi ... It wa a good 50 minut into the film befor we get ani real sword work , and I 'm not say that 's a bad thing . thi is anoth charact driven episod , which are alway a nice chang of pace . We get anoth glimps into the life of ichi befor he becam yakuza . when we do get sword work , it is , as alway , veri nice . some good gusher of blood , some limb chop off . A person favorit of mine , the cut of the dice came up . yakuza are so stupid in these movi ... never , ever , tri and switch the dice on ichi . He 'll know . then your load dice get cut in half ... it 's all veri messi . So the next ichi movi I 'll review will be from 1989 , 16 year after thi one . should be interest ... 
Is it wrong that I desper want to see urllink thi ? I guess it 's all the ultra-man that I watch as a kid ... yeah , I 'll blame it on that . 
I had a urllink post a few week ago about the newli famou kabuki actor , ichikawa ebizo XI , link to an articl on the japan time site . A few day ago , mainichi daili new had an articl about him too , which can be found urllink here . mainichi tend to be a bit more tabloid-i , if you will , than japan time , but it is still an interest read . 
after a fatal encount with an elderli woman on a decrepit robe bridg , zatoichi seek out her daughter , to make restitut for hi role in her death . He find that the daughter , nishikigi , is the most popular prostitut in the local brothel . vow to save nishikigi from thi life of sin , he set out to earn the money to redeem her . but the blind swordsman goe too far when he hustl the local yakuza gang for the money . now , troubl come from all side as the local boss , a master swordsman and the prostitut 's lover , all want a piec of zatoichi . worst of all , nishikigi just ca n't seem to turn her back on her life of sin ! all of these lead to the most shock end for zatoichi , one that will leav him forev chang ! thi the urllink 24th zatoichi film , and wa direct by katsu shintaro himself , one of the two zatoichi film he direct . It start with ichi encount an old woman while cross a ricketi old rope bridg . she is play the shamisen and he compliment her . they talk a littl and he discov that she is go to a nearbi town to visit her daughter , nishikigi . ichi feel piti for thi old woman and offer a littl money for her travel . As she walk over to him to get the money , she lose her foot and fall to her death from the bridg . ichi feel guilt over her death , and take up her shamisen , goe off to find the woman 's daughter to give her the news and to ask her forgiv . the town is on the coast , with a rather famou red-light district , a place where ichi discov that nishikigi is work . He apolog to her and promis to buy her contract and her freedom . but first he need ryo . there is a dock boat that is be use as a gambl hall . mani of the fisherman gambl there and have lost everyth , their net and boat . the yakuza boss that run the place say they can get them back onc their debt have been paid . imag that , a yakuza boss who is a dick . well anyway , ichi arriv and doe one of my favorit `` ichi gambl scam , '' with the dice outsid the cup and the dice up hi sleev . It 's hard to explain . `` you peopl are not bet on the dice outsid the cup are you ? what kind of gambl is that ? '' he admonish them as he scoop up all their money . He buy nishikigi 's freedom , but she is not content . she ha a guy , ushi , and he is piss that ichi bought her contract , someth he had been tri to save money for . He work for the boss , and had inde lost a ton of money to ichi and hi scam . the boss ha want to kill ichi , and impress hi boss ... thi wa a pretti harsh movi . befor the final duel , ichi get both of hi hand pierc by harpoon . dang . He end up tie hi sword to hi hand to fight . It is a rather intens showdown . while ot the best entri in the seri , it wa still good . katsu wa a pretti good director , and set up some interest shot . I realli like the way he shot a fight between ichi and four gambler on the beach . sinc the town wa on the coast , we got a lot of nice shot of the sea . I could have done without the cheesi sequenc of the woman fall from the bridg . the fact that we see the fall sequenc over and over , everi time ichi rememb the event did not help . there wa a subplot of anoth young girl who work at the brother and her brother . It is a sad stori , but seem sort of out of place . I guess the point is that ichi should have been save them and not nishikigi , who did n't realli want to be save . We end with ichi , hand ruin , walk alon down the beach . I wonder if they next movi will have him deal with hi wound ? I 'm not go to hold my breath . continu is not alway a strong point with the zatoichi movi . hope I 'll find later out thi week ... 
there 's a lot of interest thing over at urllink the japanes page.com . today I direct you to the page titl urllink `` how to speak like a samurai . '' pretti interest . most of the word and phrase are older , archaic way of say thing . 
there are some urllink wacki flavor of ice cream in japan . you know , I think I 'll just stick with chocol , thank . I 'll pass on the goat and whale ... 
wow , I 've been do the blog for a month now , and I 'm not sick of it . that 's a good thing . 25 post so far , 26 if you count thi one . here are the movi review that I 've done so far . dang , there 's a lot of them . I probabl wo n't be do quit as mani review over the summer , sinc a lot of the movi were borrow from sensei , and we do n't have class again until septemb . urllink akag urllink budo urllink gohatto urllink nemuri kyoshiro - shobu ( 2 ) urllink nemuri kyoshiro - joyoken ( 4 ) urllink zatoichi royaburi ( 16 ) urllink zatoichi to yojimbo ( 20 ) urllink zatoichi abar himatsuri ( 21 ) urllink shin zatoichi : yabur ! tojin-ken ( 22 ) urllink zatoichi goyo tabi ( 23 ) 
thi is the movi that introduc the legend of zatoichi and it star shintaro katsu , usher in a new ear of the japanes samurai film . practic hi trade as a masseur in a small provinc , zatoichi find himself caught in a turf war between rival yakuza gang . awar of zatoichi 's reput as an undefeat swordsman , yakuza leader sukejoro tri to hire him -- unsuccess -- as a mercenari . but it 's too late . the other gang leader , shigezo , hire a warrior with an equal fierc reput to challeng zatoichi . thu the legend of zatoichi begin with intens choreograph battl scene and an expertli craft stori . well , I decid to start from the begin . I pull the first zatoichi movi off the shelf and pop it in . I 've spend the last two month watch the end of the seri , but I got the crave to go back and start over . thi is in no small part due to the fact the movi 17 , 18 , and 19 come out later thi month . I 'd like to watch everyth up to that point by the time they come out . that 's an aw lot of movi to watch , but I 'm sure I can do it ! wow , shintaro katsu wa such a young pup in thi movi , but even in thi , urllink the first movi , he seem to have a realli good handl on the charact of ichi . It start out with ichi show up in the small town of iioka to visit a gang boss , sukegoro , whom he had met the year befor on the road . the boss had been kind to ichi and told him he wa welcom in hi hous if he ever came to iioka . well , hi time is not good . sukegoro is about to start a gang war with hi rival in the nearbi town of sasagawa , and want ichi to fight for him . It seem the sasagawa gang ha hire a ronin of consider skill , and sukegoro think have ichi on hi side with make thing even . pretti cut and dri realli . you could say that thi movi is the templat for about half the follow zatoichi movi and you would not be wrong . but there is someth about thi one ... a lot of it for me is the relationship between ichi and hirat , the ronin . they meet one morn at a nearbi lake , both of them fish , and becom fast friend . thi is of cours befor they know they have been hire by the rival gang to fight each other , but even after they learn of thi fact , they are friendli , drink sake togeth at the templ the ronin is stay at . hirat is die of tuberculosi , and want to duel with ichi befor he die , much to the dismay of the blind man . We are also introduc to tane , a young women who fall for ichi . her brother , tate , is a yakuza who work for sukegoro . He is tri to get tane to return to her former lover , anoth yakuza , but she doe not want to be with him . she doe not want a heartless gangster . It is interest to point out that the charact of tane actual appear in two more zatoichi movi , so you 'll hear more about her . cool bit : five minut into the movi , we get to see the classic dice scam by ichi , where he take advantag of those who would do the same to him . I wa happi to see thi , and had forgotten it happen so soon . anoth is when ichi perform hi sword draw for sukegoro 's gang . He throw a lit candl into the air , and cut it in half , both side still lit . I have to say , even after see almost all the other zatoichi movi , that thi one is one of my favorit . It is a bit of a slow stori , and doe n't have a lot of swordfight , but the stori is great , the charact are spot on , and the action , when we do get it , is fantast . 
what do cat say in japanes ? meow ? nope . check out urllink thi page over at thejapanesepage.com to learn what some common anim say . there are even sound file so you can hear them . 
two month down . whew . not too mani review last month , and almost all zatoichi movi . I need to branch out a bit , eh ? well , three more zatoichi movi come out thi month , and a coupl of other samurai movi that I 'd like to get , so mayb I 'll mix it up . here are last month 's review : urllink samurai 1 : musashi miyamoto urllink shin zatoichi monogatari : oreta tsu ( 24 ) urllink shin zatoichi monogatari : kasama no chimatsuri ( 25 ) urllink zatoichi ( 26 ) urllink zatoichi ( 2003 ) 
