well , anoth year tick on and I make it to 33 ! wow - where ha the last year gone ? I know that the last 48 hour for me ha been quit full on ! start on friday with my birthday - It wa nice , thank tina and co : - ) A nice easi transit into 33 . saturday wa then anoth memor day . whi ? well it wa my leav do from my current work place . A nice even with friend from the ward at gino 's italian pizza restaur . thank to : nikki , mandi , karen , mari , mari , helen , marg , tracey , lisa and wayn all for come - and thank to everyon els on the ward for their time , support and encourag - cheer : - ) sunday wa then a love day out to the sun and a trip to the torquay region of devon . wa so nice , thought I would includ some photo taken on the day : the villag of cockington brixham harbour - 1 brixham harbour - 2 what a love day out - top . went with my mum and wife : - ) then onto today ! ! first day of my new job . An induct week which kick off with the annual drug updat : -/ and that wa my weekend : - ) 
well , my new job is loom on monday , and far be it from me to not make an effort . As my hair wa get rather long , I decid it wa time for a crop . the last two hair dresser have close sinc I start visit them ( not sure if there is a connect there ) so I track down a new one to tri . whilst sat in the chair , I thought - what the hell ! ! let get radic . My old friend Mr rudd alway ha hi crop and chop , so I thought I would give it a go . the hair dresser then inform me that you can now get a grade 8 trimmer which wa quit popular in today 's trend . So I went for it : grade 8 all over the top and grade 3-4 at the back . you judg for yourself . befor after 
anyon that own an xbox and know a littl bit about the current E3 comput fair will be as excit as I am about the new halo 2 multiplay video avail to watch . not seen it ? trust me , it 's awesom ! 
well - it 's final happen . We 're gon na have a babi : - ) Ye haww ! ! sometim of just yet . for those that know me , keep an eye on the bump blog for the latest detail . cool ! 
after rush across exet in the mad rush hour traffic , I final made it to the odeon to go watch the day after tomorrow . bugger ! sold out - So next on the list wa the latest harri potter movi , the one where someon escap from a prison . I 'm not sure if it wa becaus I wa look forward to the other movi but to be honest , I found the movi kinda bore ! It did n't realli grab my attent , and seem realli blank and drawn out in place . there are some nice special effect , especi I thought the move tree and the hors come chicken come bird creatur . none the less , there wa noth ground break just more of the same but done better . still , at least I have tdat to look forward to still : - ) 
for me , someon who ca n't help but take thing apart , it wa onli a matter of time befor my xbox got taken apart . now I 've done it I 'm even more excit than befor . the potenti is huge ! ! that littl buti could be re-built into anyth - onli my imagin is the limit ! ! compact littl bugger ai n't she ? whi ! It 's a PC in a box , cri to be mod ! I 'll post ani pic of final system . 
