i have no idea what to put here 
I realli am in the wrong line of work . hospit . I could n't be ani less hospit if I tri . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm veri polit to custom . I alway smile and say hello ! but it onli take the slightest wrong do on their part and I quickli turn . peopl realli do leav their manner at the door . I refus to be polit to peopl who wont return the favour . here is a wee list of thing that realli piss me off . littl thing that have start to fester and turn into the biggest deal on earth . I know they may seem littl , but you tri have it happen to you day and and day out . you just tri IT . and ye I know i could quit but I dont wan na . 1 . thow money on the counter . you may as well be throw money at your feet and tell me to beg for it . fuck you . 2 . not say pleas or thank you . It 's pretti basic . 3 . have me say hello ! and the custom just say give ME thi and not even look at you . fuck that make me mad . 4.whing about the cost . you knew how much it wa when you were order it . 5 . get mad at ME becaus they have to wait in a line . dont wait in the line then . 6 . talk on your cellphon while a big line form behind you and put your hand IN MY face TO stop ME ask what you want . thi happen all the time . So rude . 7 . peopl leav their tabl in a filthi mess of sugar packet and food scrap . like they had a crazi feed frenzi . disgust pig . today a ladi ask my co-work to pleas put butter on her muffin for her , which she wa take away with her . she stood there and direct where about and how much butter to put in which place . whi must peopl degrad us thi way ? what the fuck is wrong with your hand that you cant do it ? the onli time somebodi ha ever ask me to do that wa when they had two cast on their arm . Am I the onli one who think thi is disgust ? I wa so mad I could have split . I could write for day and day about how mad my job make me . but just when you think you cant stand see anoth ungreat thankless asshol , somebodi love come in and is actual nice to you and you feel all better . 
bonjour . today I saw an event which made me cri for the state of the world and rejoic the good of other all in the space of a few second . which is a common theme i guess ... good and evil etc ... etc . yawn . anyway here 's the stori . So there I wa , stand at work with no custom to tend to , stare out into the earli night sky and the brightli lit street . watch peopl walk home from work , clad in woolen jacket , briskli rub woolen hand tog -- anyway , suddenli these three `` kid '' come along , one of them in a wheelchair pretend to be mental disabl with the other two kick the chair yell retard ! ! that probabl sound like it wa funni , but it realli wa n't . I dont mean that in an overli sensit girl way , either . It wa just depress . like , what the hell ? then ! suddenli a grown man race up , grab one of the kid by the scruff of the neck and cri `` dont you ever DO that again you insensit fuck littl prick '' and the kid reel back in terror . It wa like an inaud cheer went up all over wellington ! final ! somebodi had enough gut to say hey ! ! what you are do IS horribl unaccept ! ! It wa a great moment inde . I felt slightli elat . I felt as though thi would be how I would deal to situat from now on . No more sit back and watch it happen , no sir . then I realis that I would n't chang at all and I felt asham and depress for a moment , then I stop think about it altogeth becaus somebodi came into the store and start demand a drink . No need for manner ! I dont have feel I '' M just A robot slave . oop , alway off on the tangent . bye ! 
thi is a `` rant '' about someth that sometim realli piss me off . It 's not realli a big deal , and if thi is all i have to worri about then i should be glad blah blah whatev , but I still feel I am entitl to be mad about it and vent MY rage in text , here it is . My boyfriend , let call him `` tim '' , never ever doe anyth to help me keep the hous tidi . I do n't mean insan tidi , i just mean a low-level kind of tidi . comfort tidi . I have a lot of stuff , so thing get untidi easili . tim doe not do one singl thing to help my caus . It wa okay befor , when he wa earn all the money and I just sat at home eat chocol and watch Dr phil , but now i give him most of the money I earn slave away at my job six day a week . I contribut ! but the burden of have to look after everyth is still firmli rest on my shoulder . tim look after the bill and make sure everyth get paid , etc , etc . but that onli take a few minut becaus he doe it all onlin like A big nerd . I spend at least two hour a day do wash and make bed and so on and so on and so on . sometim I say ... hey tim , mayb you could do the dish tonight , i 'm realli tire . sure ! he say , `` I 'll do it tomorrow , befor i go to work . '' ... ..what ? here 's a littl exampl of a typic situat that piss me off so much i feel like take a knife and slash my own face to bit so i can go to hospit and not have to do ani housework f -- anyway , here 's an exampl . tim like to take hi cloth off befor he goe to bed in the loung . and leav them on the chair and on the floor . appar it warmer in there . I dont need to go into the ten million reason whi thi is a complet idiot reason , as I feel it is fairli apprent . next day , Oh , my shirt all crumpl , liz can you iron it for me ? cue sad face . hi , not mine , mine more of a rage face . liz if you get time befor work and inbetween clean my underp can you pleas wash all my shirt for me ? Ta . the fact that I have to tidi thing away seem to be the reason behind the fact tim can never find anyth . you tidi it away ! where have you put my `` ... ... '' . He total flip out . thi morn i wa woken up at 7:30 AM on the day of my onli sleep in , becaus `` liz I have lost MY wallet '' so i get up . stumbl around the hous and say hey 
open letter to : My futur internet friend Hi ! how are you ? I am fine . I am write to let you know that , no matter what you think now , one day we will be the best of internet friend . regardless of the fact that right now you consid me a total psycho , one day thi will appear endear and you will look upon it in a love , know light . Do n't worri , I love you too . So , dearest , futur internet friend ( obvious I 'm not talk about you jeremi , or i would say fickilist , time-hog current internet friend who i am current seek replac for ) I hope you took thi time to read thi and consid my applic . I 'm a realli great internet friend , and promis not to ditch you as soon as someth better come along , unlik some peopl . I 'm look at you , jjb . bye ! 
hello again . and a special hello to my most dedic reader , jeremi burtenshaw . hope everyth is go well with the new templat hunt . today wa complet reproach in everi respect . thousand of greedi , impati and most notic obses and ugli custom were in a continu state of tri to jam themselv through the narrow entranc of the shop . while the three of us coward behind the counter desperatli tri to throw togeth drink and food order while they stood sullen and homourless , altern from stare at their watch to stare at us with their evil , unforgiv eye . after lurch around tri to pleas everyon for around five solid hour we were then given the luxuri of close the shop and spend two hour wash their cheap waxi lipstick from the rim of the cup . Oh , thank for stomp your stale cooki into the carpet , that realli made my fuck day . 
well dedic reader , it 's been a while sinc my last post ( as you must have notic ! dont worri ! ! i didnt commit suicid ! even though i threaten to in my quit messag , soz : / ) but i 'm back now and readi to regal and entertain you all ! 
Hi ! whenev I 'm feel lame enough to keep a `` diari '' or write stuff place in say ... a blog , I cant ever write anyth when someth import is happen . My diari alway die out when someth great ha happen or someth depress ha happen , then I feel I cant pick them up again without some kind of explain to myself about it . In written form . which I realli struggl with . So I thought I should break that now so I will write someth here again . On the weekend I got engag ! To be marri ! omg . K that 's all . 
