aloha and welcom . pleas feel free to check back often as I share my variou moment of the day . 
angola , indiana - speak at angola high school and tri-stat univers . great audienc and great day . 
indi - take angelina and anna to the doctor for the annual check up and hear myself utter the word in true convers , `` tri not to poopi in the cup . '' also , take them to chuck E chees afterward for funtim ! 
indi - celebr my mom 's 60th birthday parti with the entir famili . had a wonder day with her and also enjoy visit great aunt mae in the hospit and take her on a wheel chair ride . final , the colt victori over the saint wa a big one ... first time colt ahv had a 4 and 0 season in 26 year . Go colt ! 
spent the night at the cabin in brown counti with angelina 's class ... hike in the rain all through the creek ... had a campfir ... and slept in tent in a thunderstorm . doe n't get much better than that ! 
home - went to fli kite with anna , angelina and buddi john at broad rippl park . We even got the kite up in the air . It wa a great afternoon ! 
have a morn picnic out by the river with special B . It wa wonder to spend that time togeth . also , meet up with dese , meg , danni , T bayt and brandon at starbuck , to reconnect ! 
la vega , nevada - went to see the show `` O '' for the third time in my life and onc again found it astound . one of my top 10 life experi ! 
la vega , nevada - spent the day with my mom and her 9 or so closest friend along with a few friend of moy own ... celebr my 36th birthday and my mom turn 60 . the motd probabl had to be sit down with a psychic for the first time in my life . real wild and real profound ! 
speak at estero high school in florida near fort myer . make a new friend , dr. jone , who work in the park lot of the school . wonder audienc . full of energi and veri support administr . spent the rest of the day with micki ( my mom ) on jet ski in the ocean ... until we tip over . Do n't ask . found a great sushi and thai restaur . great day . 
indi - happi halloween ! take the girl trick or treat and go to the black tie event for the damien center at the indiana roof ballroom . great night where they rais over $ 100,000 ! 
wisconsin dell - spoke at a local leadership confer and had a blast . then spent the rest of the day with the famili enjoy yet more water slide at treasur island ! thi ha been a wet and wonder visit ! 
wisconsin dell - too mani motd . be at the kalahari resort with anna , angelina and brandon is a blast . thi is the coolest water park in the world with amaz indoor water slide . you have to see it to believ it . 
indi - spoke in avon , indiana and selma , indiana today and had a blast at both school . but , my moment of the day wa see anna and angelina again and spend the even with them ! 
indi - colt win against the houston texan ... great day with a group of friend from paradigm ... went to see tim conway and harvey corman in concert . veri interest ! 
indi - had a wonder even with brandon 's parent in cloverdal ... follow by dinner with vinc and hi new girlfriend lori , T bayt , desi , the dream , danni and stephani ! great night ! 
indi - back home again in indiana ! yeah ! great day at the bernardsvl 8th grade youth summitt and an even better night at paradigm . great to reconnect with everyon again . 
new jersey - spoke at radix and holli glenn elementari school and had an absolut blast . great student and amaz adult who have a true passion for educ and student ... and it show ! 
verona , NJ - spoke at verona high school and enjoy my chat with johnni , tommi , vanessa , alex , alyssa , carin and pam . they were a fun group and it wa a great school . 
troy , MO - spent the day in troy speak to the nation honor societi and a group of 5th grader . tonight , there were hundr that show up for an even program . great day all around . great town . 
monday - indi - brandon and I spent the day with karl and jeann anthoni and had a great time just be . 
indi - spent the day with karl and jeann anthoni and debut the choos To love song at the garden ! yeah ! 
indi - go to anna 's school carniv ... carv pumpkin with anna and angelina ... and spend time with my dear friend karl and jeann anthoni as we sat by the fire with jim , meg and brandon and sang , laugh and talk . great night ! great life ! 
winchest VA - spoke at handley high school for their homecom and wa abl to be part of one of the best homecom celebr I have ever experienc in a high school . amaz ! 
indi - spent a great morn with mikey smith have breakfast at patach and catch up . made it safe to winchest , VA and am excit about a great day tomorrow . 
indi - go to the pumpkin patch with brandon , mikey smith , anna and angelina . It wa great and we found the perfect pumpkin . 
casper , WY - had a great day at the healthi commun confer in wyom speak to young peopl and adult . My motd wa spend coffe time with Ty sell . 
casper , WY - spend the day with Ty sell at a state leadership confer . 
indi - go to the colt game and spend the day with an amaz group of peopl . okay , so we lost in overtim by three ... superbowl , here we still come ! 
indi - celebr brandon 's and brandi 's 25th birthday in cloverdal with their entir famili . 
hannib , MO and indi - spoke at a teacher inservic today and had a ton of fun . but my moment of the day wa climb tree and ride bike with anna and angelina back at home . 
hannib , MO - I wa in java jive coffe hous today and watch a group of kid on a field trip come in want to buy hot chocol . there were about 8 boy . not everyon could afford the hot chocol . A man , unrel to the group , step up to the counter and bought drink for all the boy . they were dumbfound and thank . It wa a great moment . 
hannib , MO - I am in the home town of mark twain and the unsink molli brown who wa on the titan . I spoke today to the middl school , high school and then tonight to a group of parent . overal , a veri good day . the school were amaz with great auditorium - which make all the differ . today 's visit wa sponsor by the c.h.a.r.t . teen task forc . great day . 
indi and hannib , MO - spent the day with brandon celebr hi 25th birthday . It wa a great day and I am so happi to have been home to be with him all day ! 
indi - watch the colt beat tampa bay , in overtim , on a monday night game . one of the greatest footbal game I have ever seen . superbowl , here we come ! 
indi - particip I a rope cours today and wa abl to jump from the top of a thirti foot telephon pole in to the air to catch a flag . It wa insan and fun . 
indianapoli - rejoin my group of friend tonight from the the group I am in , vision in action . We had a great night be togeth and laugh and watch the movi defend your life . 
missouri and indianapoli - speak at an excel studco confer in missouri . then tonight we went to visit great aunt mae in her new home . she is do much beter after be inn the hospit . thank god ! 
the new websit is live ! yeah ! ! ! 
indi - saw a great movi last night with friend , shatter glass . veri good . afterward , we all head back to my hous to start the holiday season off . tonight wa great as well all went to meg 's for turkey day leftov and to enjoy each other compani . great night all around ! 
indi - cook a gret thanksgiv dinner for grandma , mom , dad , brandon , kati , bill , anna and angelina . It wa a lot of fun . So much to be thank about . last night we also saw the movi elf which wa hilari . 
indi - pick up grandma from the airport as she is i town for thanksgiv ! I am so thank for my famili ! 
indi - spent the entir weekend with my friend , fix up the hous that belong to the indiana youth group . It wa a ton of work but wa well worth it . I am total exhaust and readi to rest ! ! ! 
indianapoli - spoke in new jersey today at thoma jefferson middl school where some of the student had shirt made with my face on them . hilari . tonight , the paradigm group met up at the indiana youth group to plan our commun servic weekend . I ca n't wait ! 
new jersey - spoke in woodcliff and westwood and had a blast . In woodcliff , I spoke to a middl school and in westwood , I return to the high school to work with student leader . 
columbu , ohio - spoke at most of the cathol high school today and had a great time . each school wa amaz in it 's own way and I am so bless to have had the chanc to be part of share the aloha spirit . what a great time . thank columbu ! 
indi - celebr angelina 's birthday at her school . happi 8th year pajamalina ! 
indi - colt win over the jet , 38-31 . great game and great day with friend at the dome ! 
yesterday - angelina 's 8th birthday parti wa a blast . the theme wa scoobi doo . It wa a wonder way to begin her ninth year on thi planet ! 
pennsylvania - spoke at the state student council convent today and had a blast on their leader-ship . also , I wa abl to reconnect with an old friend , mike smith ... a great speaker from california . wonder day with amaz lei-der . 
chicago area - spoke at gross middl school and hauser junior high school . both were great school with student , staff and auditorium that were amaz . I am so proud to have been abl to share the aloha spirit with them ! 
last night ( sunday ) - went to see dame edna at the murat templ with my mom , brandon and my friend jim zarvo . she wa absolut hilari ! 
indi - great day at home ! get stuff done , spend time with the girl , have taco night . enjoy the day ! ! ! 
north carolina - today , I spoke at the state student council convent here in NC . the entir confer theme is aloha and the student leader here went overboard . thi is an amaz confer . 
bloomington - tonight , brandon and I had dinner with my amaz aunt melani and susan . they are so wonder and I am so bless to have them . great night ! ! 
spoke at the willow tree confer . It is one of the sigl best middl shool preventin camp I have ever seen . It is alway a bless to invit to be there ! 
new jersey - spoke at slocum skew school and cresskil high school ... and had a blast at both . great school , great audienc and amaz teacher . what a great day . 
west de moin , iowa - spoke for the dekko foundat where I overheard a ladi name suzi who inspir me to take my bowl of light stori to a whole new level . the dekko foundat inspir young peopl to make a differ in the world . they are amaz ! 
indi - last night , I celebr my mother life as she finish her level one of paradigm . It wa great to spend the time with her and share a moment ! 
brown counti - A coupl of day in the middl of the wood on a great winter day ! 
indi - watch the colt beat the texan to clinch the divis ! yeah ! ! ! ! 
indi - enjoy a wonder christma with the entir famili . perfect . 
indi - spend a great day with anna and angelina by seein the cat in the hat movi . absolut hilari . had a wonder christma night with chri , john john , pastor steve , grandma , great grandma , dreifu , anna , angelina , bill , kati , corki and brandon . It wa perfect . 
indi - yesterday , went to chicago with kati , brandon and mom to see hairspray . it wa hilari and a to n of fun . tonight , we went to the colt game where they sadli lost to the bronco . great time , though . 
indi - went to see anna 's christma program at school where she sung frosti the snowman . It wa , by far , the most interest school program I have ever experienc . 
indi - present last night at the gueset night for paradigm discoveri ( www.theindianacenter.com ) . It wa a great turn out and a lot of fun to share my experi with other . 
indi - just return from la vega for the last few day where I spent time with Ty sell , karl anthoni , ray lozano , vic perez , nick webb and dave myer . It wa a ton of fun as we alway enjoy our annual time togeth . I would write more , but what happen in vega , stay in vega . yesterday , my motd wa experienc friend dave wilcox in concert and meet hi ten year old son , nathan . today , the colt were at home and confid beat atlanta . superbowl , here we come ! 
la vega - be here with my good friend karl anthoni . We are here for busi and pleasur ... and last night we were abl to get ticket for the billboard music award . It wa a blast . 
indi - had an amaz weekend with a group of friend from paradigm discoveri . It wa a great time to share love and friendship with so mani . via X live ! 
indi - spent a great day catch up with friend and with work . tbayt and I hung out in a coffe hous and enjoy each other . gret winter day in indi . 
indi - went to the beef and board christma show tonight with brandon and the girl and had a great time . what a perfect way to start the holiday season ! 
indi - yesterday - be at the colt game , and although we lost , it wa great to be with such an amaz group of peopl . I lost a bet to friend Ed gereti sinc he pick the patriot . anoth motd wa at church last night as we enjoy be with carolyn and attend an open discuss with kent millard about the upcom methodist confer next year . 
houston - great night at the nfl comishin parti held at the astrodom . A blast danc and have fun with the group . 
houston - here for some footbal game on sunday . My motd wa play guesstur with meg , danni , casey , vijay , dese , christin , kalen , T bayt , vinc and brandon . It wa a blast . also , givinng bull ride in the livinng room wa kinda fun , too . 
indi - last night , dress up as tigger and went to give a sing telegram with brandon and dese for our 45 year old friend for life , danni . He wa at a realli swank restaur and it wa realli funni . 
cape haze , florida - It ha been some time sinc I last wrote , but I am here in florida visit my pledg brother from colleg , matt white . In januari of 1999 , matt wa diagnos with al , also known as lou gehrig 's diseas . although it is a termin diseas , matt ha shown me how one can live through advers and get the most life out of live . after all , matt choos to live until the moment he die . and even then , he live . spend time here is a bless . 
indi - spoke in southern indiana today to two great middl school . It wa a blast . 
indi - spent the day , yesterday , staf an amaz confer here in indi . It is a great way to connect with other and give back . 
indi - colt win in kansa citi ! new england , here we come ! 
indi - introduc the girl to the puppi and celebr john john 's birthday with chri and brandon at a show call tuna texa . It wa hilari ! 
west palm beach , florida - had a great time speak at the counti student council confer to all the high school in palm beach counti . enjoy the ocean view , seafood and warm weather ! Ca n't wait to get home to see crazi maesi the puppi ! 
west palm beach , florida - saw my friend chri georg in the nation tour of kiss ME kate . He did a great job and it wa wonder to experi him in the show and have dinner afterward . 
indi - celebr the life of great aunt mae at her funer and welcom a new life into our world with a jack russel puppi name maesi . life is beauti ! 
indi - A great day celebr the life of the girl father , jose , who pass away a week ago . We had a memori servic for him which wa wonder . anna and angelina have taught me a lot about death and the celebr it should be . 
indi - A great night of relax and friend with christin , dese , danni , meg , tbayt , and brandon . A great way to ring in the new year ! 
indi - find a brand new privat super duper secret playground with anna and angelina . play outsid in februari is never a bad thing ! 
east dreenwich , rhode island - have lunch with my good friend bob houghtal and then speak at hi amaz school cole junior high . great day . 
indi - the annual pancak and jazz dinner at church to ring in lent . danc with anna and angelina wa definit the highlight . 
indi - have lunch with one of my favorit speaker , melani mill . It wa great to reconnect with her in such a wonder way . It wa a great time togeth . 
chicago - visit my best and amaz friend , judi mchargu , who is up from texa . We had a great night do noth but laugh and catch up . It wa a true gift ! 
north carolina - spoke at three school today . south rowan , east rowan and irwin middl school . I do n't know where to begin . erh and irwin were in their auditorium and it wa an amaz group . ton of energi and respect . I realli appreci be there and felt appreci . At srh , they went way out of their way to decor the gym for the day and to celebr aloha in the hall and with the student . although sound system in gym can be nut , the audienc realli endur and hung in there and I realli am thank . there is someth about north carolina that I realli like . thank for the hospit . 
north carolina - spoke at alexand high school today and wa total impress with the tradit and respect of the student bodi . they realli went the extra mile to make the assembl the best it could be . I had a great time with a school of about 1,700 . I also enjoy just drive through thi state . absolut beauti . 
bloomington , IN - see the music seussic with my aunt sue , aunt mel and brandon . It wa aweseom ! 
bloomington , IN - see the music seussic with my aunt sue , aunt mel and brandon . It wa aweseom ! 
indi - had the annual valentin 's day celebr with a great group of friend . amaz famili . 
indi - happi friday the 13th . wonder day at home , tri not to freez to death as the floor were be refinish . long stori . great day . 
indi - enjoy a wonder walk with my sister , maisi and matti ... until matti ran away for a while . 
indi - present onc again at a guest open hous for paradigm discoveri . ( www.theindianacenter.com ) It wa a great night and am thank I had the opportun to give back . 
brown counti - spent a great weekend in the wood with five dog , gray and brandon . snow everywher . A wonder coupl of day . 
indi - had a great day with the new canin addit to our famili . went to christin and dese 's to watch the superbowl commerci on tivo . hilari . 
houston and indi - So mani moment . come home from houston after an amaz superbowl experi . also , pick up maisi 's brother , matti , as a new addit to our famili . four dog . doe that make us crazi ? 
houston - fun night , last night , at dinner with the group befor the big super day today . also , got to see my friend rob who is here from new york for the game . 
glendal , wisconsin - I spoke in nicolet high school today where I present five time befor noon . It wa a bit nut , but a lot of fun . each grade had a ton of energi and work with the student leader wa reward . tonight , I spoke with the parent and enjoy the even . great time in wisconsin . 
indi - wow ... so mani . see my friend dave brown present hi new book : the self-help paradox ... go to celebr with dese , christin and my mom after paradigm ... see my friend spiffi after over a year ... be with dreifu . too mani to count . great day . 
indi - have dinner with my wonder aunt kim , special B and my mom . kim sign up to be in paradigm thi may ( www.theindianacenter.com ) . I am soooo excit for her . she will love it ! 
new jersey - thi should be more of my moment of the week . I have been in maryland and new jersey all week long speak at great school and to wonder parent group . today I spoke at the new jersey state rebel2 confer for middl schooler and had an absolut blast . I am exhaust and readi to head home ! 
maryland - find out that my websit is not gone after all . there wa a weekend of panic as I think I did someth to eras my site ... but luckili , my pal erik ha everyth back up , so we should be up and run again within a day . woo hoo . I am in maryland today speak at south carrol high school and then to a parent group tonight . then I am off to new jersey for the rest of the week . 
nevada , MO - speak in nevada , missouri to everi kid from K through 12th grade . the middl school ha aloha as their theme for the entir school year , so that wa , by far , my moment of the day . 
indi - had a great day at home with my motd with dese , special B , mick and kati ... just be togeth and catch up . 
pennsylvania - spoke at pocono mountain west high school today and had a great time . A beauti school with a great group of student . I appreci their respect and attitud . 
san ramon , CA - spoke at the area youth to youth confer for middl school leader . An absolut great confer of about 350 student and with a staff of about 100 . thi is their tenth anniversari of youth to youth . congratul . 
san ramon , CA - spoke at a nation blue ribbon school , iron hors middl school . It wa one of the top school I have ever experienc . the princip , kirbi hoy , wa except and hi staff and student refelct that . I am so proud to have had the chanc to be part of such a great school ohana . 
indi and san fran - made it home from wisconsin , spent the night at home and then had a great session with meg as she taught me some new stretch . It wa realli effect . flew to calli and am look forward to the time out here . 
wisconsin - spoke at columbu middl school , lodi high school and pardeevil high school . each school wa realli great and respect . It wa a great day . I am now at the kalahari resort to speak in the area tomorrow . they have the world largest water park here , so there is fun to be had . 
indi - celebr my friend meg 44th birthday with the famili - vinc , T bayt , christin , dese , danni , special B and ofcours meg . It wa a great afternoon . 
indi - My two great friend dese and christin , had an engag parti tonight for special B and myself . It wa an amaz night with a great collect of friend and famili . 
northern indiana - speak at the indiana northern district student council confer . they had an aloha theme and the group wa a blast . 
indi - go to the jcc for a great hour or so . 
indi - spoke at immacul heart of mari school today to both the K through 4th grade and then the 5th through 8th . It wa a great school and I wa happi to be part of such a posit day . plu , sinc thi school is right down the street from where I live , it is nice to speak in your own back yard . thank imh ! 
indi - spend the day in cloverdal have lunch with brandon 's mom , see hi grandma and meet about flower for the big day in august . great weather too for indiana ! 
indi - last night we host the annual oscar bash . It wa great . each person bring a good item that best repres a movi . for exampl , two year ago i won the event with a statu of jesu surround by onion ring for the movi : lord of the ring . you get the idea . thi year , we had about 40 peopl with amaz idea . the winner of the night were : oscar prize - sue and mel babe prize - ami from pirat of the carribean tinki winki prize - cheryl tocco and janet jackson prize - linda nunn ! It wa a great night all around . 
denver , CO - spoke at three area high school and had a great time in each one . the cherri creek school system is realli great and I wa also abl to spend time with my good friend coleen , so that wa an ad bonu ! 
columbu , ohio - vist my good friend Ty and angi sell and spend time with their triplet keegan , tanner and carli . they are angel . 
columbu , GA - day three in a great town , speak to 1,200 sixth and seventh grade student a day at the annual `` drug free you and Me '' confer , sponsor by mcdonald . My mom is here with me for the week , which is a lot of fun . plu , speak at two elementari school each day ha been veri reward . howev , the tour du georgia , a bike race with lanc armstrong , came through town today , which wa excit to watch . 
columbu , GA - celebr my thirteenth year at the annual `` drug free you and Me '' confer for all citi sixth and seventh grader . My mom came with me here thi week which will be a lot of fun . great peopl and great caus . 
indi - run a 15k race with my sister , kati . she is do amaz as she train for the indianapoli mini-marathon ! Go kati ! 
southern indiana - spoke at four school today , sponsor by peer educ peer . they are a group of high school student leader who work with younger student and encourag them to be abstin . what an amaz group of peopl . I wa so happi to be sponsor by them . great day ! 
jasper , indiana - wow . So mani moment in the past few day . go to columbu , ohio to see josh groban wa amaz and speak at hilliard darbi high school wa great . 
indi - spend the day at friend melani and sue along with dese , christin , anna and angelina . We dy and creat 400 easter basket for underpriviledg children . then tonight , go to the good friday servic , wa simpli undescrib . what a bless . 
indi - enjoy spring break with my love littl angel . go to the park and the natur center , have picnic and of cours , strip wallpap . mmmm , noth say spring break like strip wallpap ! 
alabama - spoke at athen high school to all the counti sophomor . It wa sponsor by a group name t.r.a.i.l . who were an amaz group of young peopl who are focus on give back to the world . My program wa follow by a volunt fair where student could get involv with a varieti of organ . It wa a great idea and a great day . 
indi - go to chuck E chees with the girl , judi judi and luci lou . perfect . 
indi - have my angel friend judi judi and luci love in town to visit from texa . luci is 13 month old and is a gift from god . It is such a blese to have a weekend with her and her amaz mother . 
detroit , MI - spoke at one of the most amaz high school - univers of detroit high school . A veri smart , funni and quick audienc that realli enjoy the messag and made me feel quit at home . great day . 
culver , indiana - sadli , it ha been over a week sinc my last post , but I had a great week at home catch up on odd and end . today , I am up at the lake with kalen and meg enjoy the seren . A great way to begin the summer . right now , we are watch cat IN the hat . hilari . 
indi - I also found out that two of my dearest friend , Ed and suzann gereti are pregnant ! I am so thank that peopl like them are go to be parent as a gift to the rest of the world ! they will be great parent . 
indi - go danc at the vogu , here in indianapoli , at a night call retro-rewind ... where song from the 80 's are consid oldi . okay , I am offici old . danc with queen B , meg , vinc , mark and countless other . hilari night . 
pennsylvania - how embarrass . blame it on my adhd , but a week without write is sad . but , ala , I am back . My motd would have to be here in pennsylvania and speak at downington high school west . It wa to the junior and senior . they have a brand , spankin new school with a great auditorium and it wa an all around great experi . I return tonight to speak to the student leader banquet . great day . 
cleveland - go to get grandma and move her to her new home in indianapoli . It will be so wonder to have her in town ! 
indianapoli - have a great summer here in indi . get readi for the big wed in august ... went to holiday world with my niec in southern indiana and had a blast ... swim at the jcc ... spend time with my grandma who recent move to town ... and tri to get thing done befor the fall . So far , so good . 
indi - whoa ! where doe the time go ? enjoy the begin of summer ... spend day in a cabin in southern indiana ... with great friend and four angel canin be . Oh , and did I mention the 50,000,000 secada ? 
brown counti , indiana - spent two night at the cabin , which wa great . We had a ceremoni for corki , my dog of 14 year who pass away two week ago . We spread hi ash there , sinc that wa hi favorit place in the world . 
gainsevil , florida - spoke last night at the state 4-h congress to about 500 youth and 50 adult . It wa an electrifi night . the confernec theme wa `` ride the wave of success '' and they had an aloha luau danc after my program . A ocean of fun . 
juli 26 , 2004 - whoa . It ha been so long sinc I have last written here . I have realli gotten caught up in the fun of summer . I will tri to write a bit more befor the school year get roll again . howev , I do want to write about my experi I had over the weekend . In noblesvil , indiana , there is a live museum call conner prari farm . It is all about life in 1886 when grover cleveland wa presid and the governor of indiana wa governor gray . I had an opportun to spend the entir weekend there , live as a charectar of 1886 , with my two niec anna ( a.k.a christina hancock ) and angelina ( a.k.a . mari hancock ) along with my sister kati ( a.k.a . nanci hancock . ) My name wa salathiel hartnet . It wa an amaz time . We work on the farm , made our meal from scratch , fed the pig , split wood , and enjoy even activ without the benefit of run water or electr . It wa an experi of a lifetim that I am so happi to have share with my beauti angel . I wish everyon could experi life in 1886 . priceless . ( and ye , at night if you had to use the 'privi ' , you instead had to use a 'chamber pot ' which is not a pot you ever want to eat out of ... if you know what I am say . ) aloha . 
indi - the time is realli fli by . have a great summer and not take the time to write each day sinc I am tri to avoid the comput as much as possibl ! have a great , relax , aloha summer ! 
