It seem that I am miss 3 hour from a human class . thi , plu the 12 hour I 'm alreadi have to take to graduat will be a real bummer . My onli hope is to find a class that will sub in it place . I know when I regist last semest , I had thi human class mess fix . I guess I 'll be go back over transcript to find out what sub there again . : - ( 
Ok , so I 've nearli made it to the end of the week . I think I almost die about 45min ago . I had to go to the dentist for a regular checkup . everyth went fine until she came at me with the floss ... ... ... 
I hope I can make it through the week . I final got my network candid finish late on monday . now I just have to convinc the rest of the group to use it : - ) not that it 's the best , but I put a ton of time and effort into it and I do n't want that wast . sql test tonight and then I should be set for the rest of the week . mayb then we can focu on buy our first hous . hope one that ha a yard for the dog ! 
My wife and I went out to my buddi 's ranch today . the dog thought he wa in heaven . It wa definit the biggest back-yard he 's ever seen . anyway , the tank ( peopl outsid of texa call them 'pond ' ) are full and I caught a nice size bass . I 'm either do someth wrong or the fish just were n't bite today . all that matter is that we had a good time . 
one day of spring break is alreadi over . I just realiz thi will be my last spring break , unless I decid to go back to school at a later date ( doubt ) . after finish school , I want to concentr on get some certif behind me . 
We got to go to the track meet yesterday . It wa a typic track meet , raini and cold . anyway , we got second in the 800m relay ( I think that 's the right event ) . I would have like to have seen the field event , but they got rain out . I do n't understand whi you ca n't throw a shot or discu in the rain ... .. 
not much go on today . We 'll probabl go to my littl cousin ' track meet thi afternoon . hope it wo n't be rain . speak of rain , do the weathermen actual have a clue ? they never know when anyth will happen ... . 
the up man brought by a nice surpris today . He brought my new soni ericsson t226 cell phone . I got the free upgrad remind from soni ericsson in the mail a few week ago and I realli did n't think I 'd get it . noth is ever free anymor . We 'll see about thi one . My old phone ( is 7 month old ? ) is be donat to my brother . He want bluetooth for hi tg50 and I suppos hi laptop . It should be fun for him to use . bluetooth realli did n't live up to my expect , mayb it will with him . 
some day I wonder what goe through hi littl doggi mind ... .. 
wow ... .. In lab tonight , we found out that dure our practic last week , one of our group member accident delet one of our ou . that meant that I had to fix thi foul-up befor we could finish tonight 's lab . So we spent the good part of 45 minut just get back to where we should have been in the first place . 
It 's saturday and we 've seen all kind of hous thi weekend . some were good , some were old , and other smell like old peopl or dog ... ... : ) just kid ... well , not realli . We have about 3-4 home that we realli like but one had an offer made today ! It 's a realli nice 3 bedroom with a small yard and the dork that wa there befor us appar like it too . Oh well , so goe the hous buy problem ... . 
well , it 's friday at about 2:20 AM . We leav at 3am to get to austin by 4:30 or 5am so that we can get through secur and get on the plane . I have yet to go to bed so thi will be a veri interest coupl of day . see you on the flipsid . awak : 16 hour note : I stay awak about 30 hour total . I cheat and slept about an hour on the plane . 
sorri I have n't post in a while . It 's been a veri hectic two week . class are close up and we 've been talk with realtor and mortgag peopl . We fli out friday to NC to go and look at some hous . I hope I get to sleep thi weekend . I 've got 4 test between monday and tuesday of next week , 2 assign , 2 project and a lab practic that are all due on or befor tuesday as well . Oh well , there 's plenti of time to sleep when you 're dead ... .. 
the whole class thing got work out yesterday . It seem I do have all the hour I need . I 've never met an advisor that know what he/sh is do . whi do they alway put the dumbest peopl in the most import situat in your life ? when you have a babi , do they call in the garbag man to deliv it ? ( not that garbag men are stupid-they just do n't know anyth about be a dr. ) anyway , it look like I 'm set to graduat thi summer . It will be so nice to be abl to go to work , come home , and have no homework ! Oh , and then there 's the whole money thing . they actual pay you to go to work , unlik school ... . 
In a littl more than 24 hour , sam will be a doctor ! although I 'm not terribl excit about the dinner tonight , it will be nice to see famili and friend . I onli hope we can stay in touch with all of them over the come year ( friend that is ) . 
onli two day left until sam is offici a doctor ... . I just ca n't believ it . one , I ca n't believ it 's alreadi been four year . two , she 'll be a doctor ... .a real doctor . she is way smarter than I 'll ever be and I 'm so proud of her ! updat and pictur to follow ! 
just a test of the new email post featur . It will be nice if it actual work . 
the hous situat seem to be go well . We will close in late may . now I just have to surviv move again . We are start the pack situat and there is junk all over our apart . the dog is crazi becaus he ha no idea what 's go on . He 's scare of all the box and everyth that we get out of closet . with ani luck , we 'll be complet pack and readi to go by late next week or earli the follow week . 
