whi do I feel the sudden urg to slam my head into the desk everi time I tri to deal with window ? I 've been tri to get window 2000 to play nice with my HP colorado 5 GB travan drive . It is a standard ide travan qic drive I instal into a usb 2.0 ide drive box . seem reason that thi should work , no ? whi do I need window ? well , as with most thing window the data on the tape are almost certainli in a proprietari format . So I 'll sure need to read them use the same window program that creat them . So , I wonder if the drive work at all . I 've not use it in mani year and then I onli use it with tar ( the standard unix tape archiv program ) . the HP colorado user manual claim my tape drive origin came with urllink yosemit tapewar for both window and linux . thi drive came from a comput show with onli a user-manu rubber-band to the drive . So I went to the HP websit , found tapewar and then instal it on urllink fedora core 2 . I ran the urllink tapewar administr gui , it auto-detect the make and model of my tape drive , and the drive work without a hitch . the entir process took mayb 5 minut . So , sinc the tape drive work so effortlessli under linux I thought I 'd see what window had to say ... for test purpos I have window 2000 on a virtual machin run under linux ... I start up the window 2000 VM and onc it had finish boot I told it to attach the tape drive . window 2000 instantli say I attach a `` HP colorado 5gb usb devic . '' great , that 's precis what I attach . So I run through the wizard and it say it found no driver ( floppi , cd-rom , window updat , noth ) . fine , I download the HP driver from hp.com . It see the driver but indic they are not for my drive . So after 30 minut I conclud it wo n't allow me to use ani of the driver provid by HP . almost certainli becaus none are specif for a usb tape drive . whi doe window need a driver disk ? It is a travan tape drive . window know it is a travan tape drive . By definit , all travan tape drive from ani manufactur are essenti ident . linux ha one driver for all travan tape drive regardless of how they are attach . further , linux auto-detect and silent configur the devic without the need for input from me . what is the point of even have a usb ide drive box on a window system if nearli everi devic you might want to attach is go requir special driver that do n't exist ? It seem to me like thi negat the whole point of the extern drive box . Oh well , we 'll see how thing go onc I have the tape in question . hope I can devis some way to read the data from them . 
So , I need a schemat or at least an IC pinout to fix a problem with my junki $ 10 irock FM stereo transmitt . ( ye , instead of throw it away and buy a newer , bigger , better one I spent 10 minut and fix it . ) well , the design sand off the part number of the compon to `` prevent '' repair . thi is common practic with cheap electron to get you to buy a new one . I 've dealt with more than a few devic whose engin thought they would be clever : satellit receiv , vcr , etc . So , I check the fcc databas . the urllink irock devic itself ( fcc ID : o5u fmlink ) is actual a rebrand urllink kima link-it made by urllink akoo . No shock there ... I bought mine as a factori refurb from urllink tiger direct . onli thing in the urllink fcc ea are a coupl of photo , some vagu test inform , and a botch confidenti request . I wa hope they slip and let the part number through in their intern photo . they usual do and it look like they did at first ... well , until someon caught the mistak and tri to get their photo made confidenti which is n't allow . So they replac the photo with alter ( read blurri ) version . As a last ditch effort , I count the number of pin on the IC ... 22 pin ... A somewhat unusu number of pin for an IC . So I enter `` urllink FM IC 22 pin `` into googl and sure enough the second hit wa a urllink rohm bh1415f wireless audio link IC ( first hit be an am/fm dual band version ) which match the irock FM IC pinout perfectli . and , as usual in cheap electron , the entir devic itself is taken larg from the applic note suppli with the IC itself . also , they cleverli use a urllink maxim max619 charg pump to increas the 2.5-3vdc from the two aaa cell up to the 5vdc requir to power the FM transmitt compon . have I ever mention that I realli like charg pump ? So , onc again , thank go to googl . 
I have to say that the current state of urllink project utopia is truli outstand . I desper hope that the current project utopia compon make it into fedora core 3 . project utopia , for those in the dark , is an umbrella term for a collabor project that aim to integr the gnome desktop environ with the linux kernel 's ( and other kernel such as solari and bsd ) abil to automat manag user-ori hardwar . exampl I insert a blank cd-r and blank cd-r disc appear on my desktop with a cd-r icon . I 'm abl to open the blank cd-r disc , drag file into it , and then burn it to the blank cd-r . upon insert of a dvd movi the dvd appear on my desktop with a dvd movi icon and gnome play the movi full screen . upon insert of the compact flash card from my digit camera into the comput 's card slot the label of the flash card `` photograph '' appear on my desktop with a compact flash icon . If I attach a digit camera to my comput gnome can automat import photo from the camera into a photo album . these are just the test case , realli . So much more is possibl with utopia . I ca n't wait until everyth take advantag of it fulli . screenshot of exampl : urllink 
I took a few moment tonight and updat the urllink swish_php modul . the updat should be in urllink swish- anonym cv sometim soon . 
idea ( vaporspeak ? ) Do away with start-her : ( done ? ) place launcher for applic : and favorit : in comput : creat a favorit menu applet similar to the menubar . fix the bug in the favorit : handler such as the broken trash can . If feasibl , replac the `` main menu '' with an applet that can emb into a panel . record all applic launch in the run dialog mru . ( everyon realiz they can drag launcher from the run dialog , right ? ) creat a mru menu applet which gener itself from the run dialog mru . thi applet would look like the new main menu applet . fedora 's default `` main menu '' could then be a drawer with the main menu and mru applet embed . for extra credit , modifi drawer to support `` text besid icon '' ( and fix them so they do n't run off the edg of the screen ) , implement the favorit menu like the propos mru and main menu applet , and thi would replac both the menubar and main menu hack with a normal drawer that emb favorit menu , main menu , and mru menu . here is a urllink favorit menu mockup . surpris , it look similar to the one that wa remov a few year ago . and a urllink menu and drawer mockup . histori onc upon a time there wa a favorit menu that display the favorit : locat . you could drag an item from applic : into favorit : and it would appear on the favorit menu . It wa nice and simpl and work . So someon remov it , if I recal , becaus we could edit the main menu directli . and then someon broke/dis the abil to edit the main menu . So user start creat panel drawer and put their launcher in the drawer . and then ( in fc1 ) gnome 2.4 drawer never work . So final noth but the desktop work . So , user were left drag launcher to their desktop creat a giant mess . sadli , I have dozen of applic launcher on my desktop . So , now we need a way to get to the desktop quickli and thu wa creat a show/hid desktop action . I would add that there 's no appar way to edit launcher from nautilu . unless of cours the user somehow know to associ desktop item with gnome-desktop-item-edit . should n't thi be a properti page ? comment the applic : locat could be replac with the `` better applic browser '' we hear about from time to time . It would have to be realli good , though . someth of the magnitud of differ between the old and new file selector . replac it with a slightli better version or make a chang that requir everi applic to be patch to use it may be unwis . the concept of start-her : seem pretti sound . but it is so underus , unimpl , unexplain , etc that keep it would probabl do harm to ani improv that might be made on it . the reflex action of throw it away may have overcom ani futur use . It is perceiv as useless becaus , well , right now it is useless . I hate mru applic menu ( ala window XP ) . hate . hate . hate . I think the run dialog make a better mru . mani peopl may love mru menu . great . make it possibl to turn off somewher , somehow . the last thing I want is my main menu randomli chang around base on what it think I want to do . Or make it a separ applet unto itself . I do n't mind the main menu as it stand . It is massiv and clunki and ugli . but it provid quick access to approxim everyth that is instal if you know where to look . rather than tri to convinc peopl someon just need to just do someth and show how it could work . one would n't have to fix the exist main menu to creat someth use . I think most of thi could be implement outsid the exist mechan . At the least , I think have the favorit menu back would be great . So long as someon doe n't rip out the favorit : locat while we 're not look . 
you know , I 'm not as hard core as some on urllink the fedora list about mail list etiquett . but when someon publicli correct you for make a simpl mistak you should n't freak out . the peopl who are most will to help you will instantli put your name in their perman ignor list . curs and blame and yell and such are just not accept in a public forum . especi a list that get up to a thousand messag per day . In one such repli , the fellow just ask that the poster tri not to break thread . It 's the onli way anyon can make sens of the shear volum of the list . He wa simpli tri to help the poster understand how to commun with those most abl to help . He could 've said noth and left the poster ignor to the problem . instead he stuck hi neck out on the chop block and made a suggest to help the poster elicit more repsons to hi question . Do some veri help list member appear to `` dish out crap '' at time ? absolut . you may do the same after receiv 80,000 email . most of which have alreadi been answer previous in urllink the fedora list archiv . mani thread could have been cut down to 2-3 repli instead of dozen had the poster taken care when compos hi origin request . the respond of one thread wa tri to explain that one concis question is the best way to get one concis answer . the poster 's origin messag state `` some sort of error '' and did not post the precis error messag nor ani detail about where he saw thi error . how could anyon intellig answer such a question ? the respond request a clarif . thi is reason . He could have been aggress and request that the poster think through hi question more thoroughli befor post . ala , he remain conserv and just ask for the text of the error messag . the poster claim that the entir ordeal of deal with fedora list ha made hi day horribl . I submit that hi curs , name call , and person attack ha made everyon 's day horribl . A reason person might expect other to take just a few moment of their own , person time to compos their request for help in a form that can be answer in a minimum of repli . time you do n't spend compos a help request is time you are wast for other . most knowledg peopl refus to wast their time on poorli form help request . there are other who need help and understand the valu of good question . serious , eric raymond 's how to ask question the smart way is extrem help if you truli want good answer . By the way , serious , no one care what oper system or distribut you use . thi is n't some religion or penguin worship cult where we tri to brainwash you into think we are perfect . collect , we do n't care if 5 thousand or 5 billion peopl use the oper system distribut we prefer . thi is just a bunch of peopl who use fedora core and either like to help other or need help themselv . We all realiz that use a new oper system is a bit scari , confus , and often frustrat . but demand answer and threaten to abandon the distribut onli get you ad to the ignor list of those who can help . It reinforc a notion that you have no real intent to make ani effort to learn anyth . and if you are n't will to learn then pleas expect that no one is will to teach . 
urllink swish- daili window build are be made again . sorri for let them go for so long . I 'm realli glad to find that urllink makensi now run nativ under linux . wine ha had a number of littl nag problem under fedora core . current I ca n't seem to get the ttydrv ( window gdi graphic ) driver to function ; mean I ca n't realli schedul window applic to run in text-onli mode from cron ( unix system task schedul ) . I may start build daili fedora rpm for urllink swish- . I do n't have a ton of disk space on my web host . howev I would like to make daili build avail to get it out there for test . that hing on a few thing such as get the urllink fedora.u build system work on one of my comput . I have a spare machin I could put onlin just for do autom build . that may be ideal . also , I 'd like to get stabl releas of swish- into urllink fedora extra . that will be some seriou work due to the fedora.u packag guidelin and the shear volum of perl modul the swish- helper script support/requir . I think it is worth do , though . there are a grow number of peopl use swish- and I 'd like to make their live a bit easier if possibl . should I support red hat linux 9 ? I realli do n't know how mani peopl are use it compar to fedora core or red hat enterpris . 
urllink emovix would be awesom for home movi and such . whi did n't I notic thi befor ? urllink k3b support creat emovix cd right in the `` new project '' menu . thi would be great for ani situat where you do n't want to talk friends/rel through instal window codec . insert cd/dvd , restart comput , watch video . and it seem to work well with comput I 'd never have expect to work . 
OK , everyon ha been tri to get me to use blogger . So here it goe . yay ? 
urllink nullsoft scriptabl instal system ( nsi ) allow programm to easili build autom instal program for window . mani window program use nsi to instal themselv . If you cross-compil your window execut from a linux host then you may be interest in run makensi nativ . for a long time I ran the window makensi under wine . howev wine is a bit cumbersom to run from a cron job becaus it normal requir X ( the graphic display subsystem use on unix system ) . today I notic that makensi will now mostli compil nativ on posix compliant oper system ( such as linux ) . By mostli I mean that some compon requir a window compil ( such as urllink mingw ) even though the main execut build nativ under linux . what you need : urllink wine instal and work . urllink mingw instal as a cross compil . urllink gcc instal as a nativ linux compil . the latest cv version of nsi cv -d : pserver : anonym @ cvs.sourceforge.net : /cvsroot/nsi login # there is no password , just press enter . cv -z3 -d : pserver : anonym @ cvs.sourceforge.net : /cvsroot/nsi co nsi how to do it : cd nsi creat a shell script name urllink source/exehead/bin2h chmod a+x source/exehead/bin2h cd source/exehead urllink cross-mak cd .. make makensi cd .. cp -a . /usr/local/lib/makensi rm -rf /usr/local/lib/makensis/sourc creat a shell script name urllink /usr/local/bin/makensi to run your nativ version . now you can run makensi nativ on linux ... $ makensi makensi v2.01 - copyright 1999-2004 nullsoft , inc. you may urllink download my nativ nsi build for linux made on 2004-07-08 under fedora core 2 . 
So , doe anyon have 6 lvd sca hard disk they want to donat ? nah , did n't think so ... anyway , I final have an actual server rather than some mess of part that act vagu like a server . that will take a load off of my workstat . So , what will the machin do ? top prioriti is the swish- daili build and all the servic eat away at my workstat resourc . I have n't thought far beyond that . disk space is a major shortcom . I have about 500 MB free . but , the machin ha 6 ( empti ) lvd sca slot in the front . mayb I 'll find some use 9 GB disk at a comput show or someth . who know . new sca disk are way beyond my shoestr budget , though . I 'd like to get 6 disk and creat a mirror lvm array . I 'd have no hot spare but at least there would be redund . anoth option would be to instal an ide raid card and move the lvm storag from my workstat . there 's no redund there , though . I am have a problem with the machin freez after about 15 minut when run in multiprocessor mode . the memori test good with memtest86 . not sure if it is kernel relat or what . I 've tri variou combin of apic/noap , nohlt , acpi=off , apm=off and none make ani differ . uniprocessor mode run perfectli . So , I 'm stuck run on one cpu until I find the problem . the onli odditi I notic is that cpu0 and sometim cpu1 show disabl on the front panel when the machin is frozen . when I got it the cpu0 fan wa damag . ( I borrow a fan from anoth machin to get it run . ) So there 's a small chanc that cpu is damag . I do n't see ani way to boot or run the machin from cpu0 in uniprocessor mode to test it . I guess I could swap the cpu around ... Oh , yeah , matt suggest that I name it hagrid sinc it resembl a lumber half-giant . 
