I do not know how much updat I will be abl to do thi week becaus I 'm help out at a music camp from 8:30-12 , go to school 1-6 and do homework/ get readi for camp in the even , mayb I 'll tri dure my person comput class again ... So how is everyon , what are you up to . shout out to those at lmc thi week , bradi I hope you did well . congrat stefi ! I think that guy should share the remot , coughbriancough instead of make their girlfriend fight them for it ! If someon call shot gun , they sit in the front . poor graci had a panic attack at six flag today ride the boomerang . when I came home she wa nearli dri becaus she could n't ride the superman becaus they were worri it would happen again I talk to her like half an hour ago and she seem sort of out of it ... but it is kind of late for her anyway . 
I just finish my person comput test and now I 'm off to the american histori test of death ! wish me luck ! how is everyon els 's summer go . I do n't think I said that right but whatev . hope you guy are have fun ! Do n't forget father 's day is sunday . studi time ! 
e-mail # 1 genr : male joke one day , murphi and o'brien went deer hunt in the wood . they sit in the wood for hour , when suddenli thi humong buck come into view . with a nice clean shot , o'brien bang the buck . they drag it back to camp by the butt , but the antler keep get stuck . anoth hunter say , `` you guy should drag it by the antler . It wo n't get stuck . '' they do , and murphi yell , `` hey , he wa right . He is not get stuck . '' o'brien repli , `` yeah , but we 're get farther away from camp . '' e-mail # 2 jack ha die . hi lawyer is stand befor the famili and read out jack 's last will and testament . `` To my dear wife esther , I leav the hous , 50 acr of land , and one million dollar . To my son barri , I leav my big lexu and the jaguar . To my daughter suzi , I leav my yacht and $ 250,000 . and to my brother-in-law jeff , who alway insist that health is better than wealth , I leav my sun lamp . '' I 'll see some of you at peter pan mini golf at 6:30 . call me on my cell ! 
letter TO A mother A mother enter her daughter 's bedroom and see a an envelop with `` mom '' written on it lie on the bed . In great trepid , she tear open the envelop and read the enclos letter , her heart in her shoe . dearest mom : I am so happi ; I have elop with my new boyfriend . I have found real passion and he is so nice , with hi pierc and special tattoo , especi the one with my name in a heart . I just love hi big motorcycl , but it 's not onli that , mom , I 'm sort of pregnant and yaqui ( that 's swahili for `` warrior princ '' ) said that we will be veri happi in hi trailer in the wood . He want to have mani more children with me and that 's one of my dream . I 've learn that marijuana doe n't realli hurt anyon , so we 'll be grow it for ourselv and yaqui 's friend , who will swap for all the cocain and ecstasi drug we want . In the meantim , we 'll pray for the scienc to find the aid cure , for yaqui to get better . Do n't worri about me , mom , I 'm 15 year old now and I know how to take care of myself . some day I 'll visit for you to know your grandchildren . your daughter , melissa louis PS : hey , mom , do n't freak , none of thi is true . I 'm at judi 's hous . I just want to show you there are lot wors thing in life than the report card in my desk drawer . . . love you , missi 
urllink work earli in the morn , and beauti decor post by urllink hello 
urllink lissi and jeremi post by urllink hello 
urllink hahaha I love the look on molli 's face ! excel ! post by urllink hello 
urllink josh and lizzi , so cute ! post by urllink hello 
urllink the pierc , the blue/gray hair , the interest facial express it 's kate the great , ruler of the littl peopl post by urllink hello 
urllink chri ' gun at camp ! elisabeth , WW rememb ? ( swimmer ) post by urllink hello 
urllink elisabeth in my pant ! ooolala ! post by urllink hello 
yippe ! now I just got ta take some recent pic and I 'm all set , I 'll tri to get the rainbow pictur soon , twa awesom . 
urllink brian and I in hawaii , I know I '' m wear that stupid hat ... WE had a lot of fun . I love you ! post by urllink hello 
urllink lizzi and sonja , two of the most ador friend you will ever meet ! post by urllink hello 
urllink I love thi pictur of brandi ! post by urllink hello 
urllink cooper ! post by urllink hello 
urllink megl and elaino post by urllink hello 
urllink My sister and I laugh post by jessica 
ye ! even though I do not know html , I manag ! ! hahaha . I guess one day I 'll have to learn it . now , I will be the master when I get pictur or a link to a pictur page ... see you later . Oh write a comment , I want to see how that work . did anyon see the rainbow today ? I wa gorgeou ! not onli wa it a doubl rainbow ( most rainbow are doubl , one clear and one realli fade ) you could see both side at the same time ! It wa great , a lot of my neighor were look at it when I got home , fun fun , if I figur out the pictur thing , I 'll post pic . well I have a person comput test tomorrow , blah . I have vb in the morn and american histori in the afternoon , doubl blah . but then I 'm go swing danc with brian , yay ! . fun stuff . ye , we are togeth again ( june first ! ) and no thing are n't perfect but we 're work on it . I 'm go shop with my littl si on friday hope , it 'll be fun unless we get in to a littl disput . yeah , our shop disput get ugli and now that she ha her own phone I ca n't make her stay with me when she get mad becaus I 'm such an uncool older sister . I 'm not veri cool ... not at cool as stefi . harri potter did anyon find that disappoint ? the hippograph ( spell ? ) thing wa realli cool . hermoin wa a littl player ! brian think she and harri should end up togeth at the end , but for now I think she did quit a bit of lean on both , not that that 's crimin or anyth . the two guy behind stephani and I were absolut hilari . they made the most random comment and one guy kept snort everytim he laugh . No shame , no shame . mean girl So cute ! I love it ! It 's one of those chick flick you drag some guy to and he surviv it . I like it person , but I do n't think everyon will . I think what you find funni depend on your person , as is the case with a lot of humor shrek 2 funni funni funni ! It remind me of when megan , amelia and I went and sow the first one . We were still laugh half an hour after the movi . It 's a good sequel target movi outsid of disney and stori outsid of fairi tale . 
teehe 
