ok ... thi is my first sign up . thi is actual kinda cool . wa actual lookin for a nice wp that i can pattern my page to . but i just found myself regist here ... .which is actual cool though . it gettin late so better yet , see what other good stuff thi ha to offer . ; ) 
urllink blogger.com 
urllink blogger.com 
have my lunch as usual ... been intrigu by thi gurl name fujiko fujio . still dunno if that her real name or what . well , i saw all the wonder she show on her websit , and it more than a year now sinc ive start find out how thi gurl look like . she a filipino , i know ... by the way she speak her mind , and of cr , some pic mainli focus on filipina actress on her websit though asian take most of her site space . anyway , i like her site ... not onli bcoz of the good `` stuff '' i download from her websit . i think it get into my sens that i like asian more than caucasian . my cd prove it well . ok got ta use d littl time i have b4 my boss come back 
oh . ye . just in case ... my current situation-sit face to face with my boss tri and pretend to be d busiest person on thi planet . with my mug on my desk , and some perki photo on a collaps bridg i took last week ... ohh , it lunch na . 
ola ! im back after get piss off from thi stupid blogger that eras my post last friday ... it sunday , and damn , got ta go to work tom again . i miss my colleg day , where i could stay in bed as late as i want . d onli good thing that compromis thi situat is that i have my own money and i can buy thing as i want as long as my budget allow me ... : ) we went to sm thi afternoon , watch hidalgo , that burn my ass on the seat , i almost slept there , dunno if i just lack sleep or the movi wa too bore to watch . didnt like it that much . d girl i wa expect 2 be d lead ladi for viggo turn up as one of d villain , and i wa even expect a dirti scene with them ... *sigh* hidalgo wa the name of the hors , it not a spoiler ok , but hu care , i wudnt recommend it anyway . nuthin much happen 2day . except that im start to build a webpag , which i hope ill be abl to finish , im use html-kit ( i got from fujiko , ur webpag rock , lot of stuff ! ) and frontpag , veri usefiul , especi for those hu dont know how html work like me . ok , got ta sleep earli ... 
met up in the ofc at 8 , we should be leav at 9 but someon got excit and we left earli arnd 8:30 , and as usual ida wa late again , on the bu spent 3 hour to malolo for the inaugur of the flyover , the flyover is nice , i just wish i becam part of it at least . asid from the good stuff it would contribut to my financi statu ... : P , it a good experi , up in malolo we went , walk over the wonder flyover , it far better than the one we built in san fernando , well , for a perman one , it should be . talk to the lad i miss for month , some sinc xma . then paul diamond came , the british ambassador , he is nice , veri approach inde , plu some politician , etc . then final , off to white rock beach resort . the place is veri nice , spend most of the time with emci , bea , ida , r3 , peter , and sometim with ben , the new expat of the eng ' g dept . he still adjust to us , obvious , he look bore ... 
i reserv the word `` hate '' for veri few peopl in thi world , but I realli truli hate bu and jeepney driver , and i hate them with a passion , they are total inconsider with their selfish crave for money , they never consid peopl who are in hurri , hurri to go home , hurri to sleep ... i can deal with a regular traffic jam ( that 's what manila is known for ) , peopl push their way onto the bu or a stupid traffic enforc whistl just for us to know they exist , onc in a while , but spend half an hour on a bu at an intersect just to get more peopl on is way too much . 
i just got back , as usual , ben ask me to show him the way to the store , man , u never learn your way ? i bought 2 nova , for the girl ... . 
im veri earli , way too earli , the elect just pass and the smell of white rock is still fresh . im sit on my chair again wait for 8 o'clock , wait for everybodi ... wait for anoth blue day in the offic . im look at all the paper work i need to finish today . weekend seem to be short everi time . sigh . 
noth much happen today , i went to the vote precint , found my neighbor there serv as poll watcher . man , did u do that for the food ? hehe . j/k . it my first time to vote . got piss off by these stupid peopl who didnt seem to know the f ... they 're do . 
woke up at 6 , yeah it earli , r3 who woke me up , wa still darn sleepi ... got readi for a swim again , went to the beach and found the 2 hobbit in the beach wait for d sun . man , they realli want to get tan . but i doubt their color chang a bit ... hehe . the outing wa ok , but wa n't as fun as i expect . went home , the bu drop us at sm citi , me and bea , also jame tan , and the other guy , i forgot hi name , i let bea get on an fx first , it wa rain hard . hope she had a safe journey home . i like bea coz she use to smile alway , use to , coz i notic in d past week , there 's someth differ on her ... or mayb it wa just me . whatev . manni pacquiao got a draw on hi fight , i heard he broke hi forearm ? now that 's bad.. tsk tsk . i slept veri earli , i wa home by 4 and i wa dead tire , it wa a long travel , i slept around 4:30 , woke up at 10 pm , eat some food , then i watch again `` my sassi girl '' and it touch my heart again ... sigh . i realli love d movi . 
we went parti with everyon , dunno if they are still danc wild down there but im done ... need to wake up at 6 , bea , ida and emci pass out earli , hehe . it tequila , hahaha ! underestim it power , but not me ... i had 4 or 5 shot . of cr i dnt wan na see myself on a corner `` again '' tri to figur out if im drunk or not , well i had more than 13 or 14 shot that time . it happen befor but not anymor . control is the key ! 
it friday night ... im read `` again '' mytholog '' by edith hamilton , of cr , influenc by the movi troy . the movi is damn good , though it end up with some comment from the tungaw movi critics.heh . im here in the offic , we have dinner tonight courtesi of guzent , or whatev their compani name is , it their treat ... 
as usual , i nvr bother post new one until now ... i play badminton last night , again ... more like a train then after , i play with those new friend everytim i go there . i wa surpris to see how mani pinoy are now indulg in badminton these day , back when i wa play tenni , and i wa play some badminton as well , onli few badminton court avail in our area . and mostli are privat one , so u could onli play by invit but now , u can find it anywher ... it a nice sport , asid from the gehl u see everytim , i find it more challeng than tenni , or mayb i just didnt put too much time in tenni than im spend on badminton now . i alreadi had 4 session of train , and everi morn after those train is hell , i cud hardli get up.i rememebr the time when we play gotcha , then after , my leg damn hurt for a week . il have anoth one tom . badminton rule ! hehe . 
