urllink starfield check thi out . these guy are awesom . so it ha been an awesom week so far except that i have miss god 's compani through hi word . shall we read ... actual , i am go to go do bibl studi with my wife . we 're gon na pray togeth . peac out . 
i had a veri event weekend . my wife and i are buy a hous . it is a process that god will walk , neigh , crawl us through to the end . so much to do and wait for and learn and blah , blah . but we are veri veri excit . thi is the woman that i want to spend my whole life with and we will move into our first hous togeth soon . it 's cool , you should see it . thing are interest . i am let the devil have a lot of control over my thought , and then i read in roman that there is no condemn await those in jesu . the law wa made weak by the sin natur of man , but made holi by jesu come and die after live a perfect life . i am free . i have to exercis that liberti in a respons way . i pray that thi week will bring me into a place of clear and holi think , so that god will be glorifi with my life . brother willi is awesom , god is huge . good night . 
thi week ha been a drag . i feel so empti and tire and thirsti . i do n't have ani fellowship in a church up here . i miss that . i need that . i need worship . thi is good and i am glad i am do it habitu , but i need to express worship more . i need to stop whine that is what i need to do . i am focus on a bibl studi by the wonder loui giglio tonight ... come , all you who are thirsti , come to the water ; and you who have no money , come , buy and eat ! come buy wine and milk without money and without cost . - isaiah 55:1 wow , what a thought . we were hardwir to desir the compani of god . He creat us for him , and we seek to fill thta desir our whole life , when god is right there all along . He just want us to find peac in him . peac in him , that is tough sometim , at least for me . i like to organ my face off . i need control , and it is difficult for me to surrend all of that to god . pray for me in that way . ... my chosen , the peopl I form for myself that they may proclaim my prais - isaiah 43:20-21 god ha hardwir us to desir him and to proclaim hi prais , thi is the long we all feel . we seek refug and it is found in the name of christ jesu . He doe n't need us to worship , as the rock will cri out if we do n't , but we are creat for that veri purpos . awesom . becaus god is etern , our hunger is such that it can not be satisfi with temporari thing . our appetit will not be satisfi on thi earth by earthli thing . in the search for satisfact we seek and dig our own well that run dri veri quickli . god is an etern stream of live water that will never run out . find peac in that thought brother and sister ! So mani scriptur refer in jerimiah and jame about draw near to god and find that we were creat for him . that is the answer to the question . find rest and peac in the etern stream . drink from the live well . good stuff man . 
recent , i had someon ask me if i alway had turn to god ( in term of over time ) . well , the answer to that is n't as simpl as it should be . i alway knew about god . i wa brought into the lord 's compani as a small child . in retrospect ( look at my life over the year ) i know that god had me then as He ha me even now . i just did n't pursu him like i should 've . i am glad that i wa ask that question . no i have not alway turn to god , but He ha alway been right there anyway . yesterday i ogt up earli and felt pretti good about do my bibl studi in the morn as oppos to at night . the truth is i woke up becaus i had a bad dream . probobl the worst dream a man that love a woman can dream , and after nearli squeez the life out of wife after wake up ( and wake her up which wa not so good an idea ) , i sought refug in the word . i do the same now . i am feel like i am slowli drift back into the doomloop that ha been my walk over the last four year . i want god and all of hi love and affect , but i know that even if i do not feel that , i carri on in obedi . `` as i walk through the wilder , bless be your name '' are you so foolish ? after begin with the spirit , are you now tri to attain your goal by human effort ? - galatian 3:3 chapter 3 of galatian focus on the church 's attempt to receiv the spirit by obey the law . it is onli to believ . christ redeem us from the curs of the law ... ... curs is everyon who is hung on a tree . - galatian 3:13 He even took on the curs of the law so that we could be bless as abraham wa . christ took all of thi on becaus god want to be intim with us . He miss us . He made the first move . He die a sinner 's death after live a perfect life , so now we act on that bless . HE made the first move . grace is freedom from the law . We respect the law , and we obey it for the reason of have god glorifi through our work , but our relationship with him and our salvat come from christ and christ alon . hi wound heal us . each lash of the whip wa for our iniqu . that is love , i want to be intim with that god , jesu is king of the world and I submit to hi perfect will . thi world ha noth for me , and thi world ha everyth - caedmon 's call 
it ha been too long . god will allow you to ration your way out of anyth . `` i 'm too tire '' , `` well i wa at a christian music festiv all night '' , or `` i have done it everi other night '' . i decid to get up earli and do it thi morn to start my week . i need god . the sermon yesterday wa amaz . it wa all about intimaci with god and how badli He want that with us . i feel led to read in galatian ... galatian is known by some as the `` magna carta '' of christian liberti . it wa martin luther 's favorit letter , and he frequent preach from it dure the time of the reform . ... if i were still tri to pleas men , i would not be a servant of christ - galatian 1:10 my purpos on thi earth is not to pleas man . it is not to acquir thing or impress anyon . it is simpli thi ; to love god with all my heart and to love other . know god and make him known . chapter 1 vers 11 is so import , ... the gospel that i preach is not someth that man made up . paul actual receiv the word as a direct revel of god . he goe on to discuss hi past and how god call him out of persecut the church . it is so import to paul for us to believ that he is tell the truth that he assur us befor god that he is n't lie . as is evidenc in chapter 2 vers 10 , peter had a primari interest in serv the poor . thi is someth that we should alway rememb . i know , thi is just a side note , i wo n't preach on polit ( not today ) . know that a man is not justifi by observ the law , but by faith in jesu christ . so we , too , have put our faith in christ jesu that we may be justifi by faith in christ and not by observ the law , becaus by observ the law , no one will be justifi - galatian 2:16 in the vers abov , paul is scold peter for comprimis in the face of persecut . the `` judaiz '' had come to teach that all jew , even christian jew , must be justifi by live under sacr jewish law . peter wa afraid of these peopl and kind of back away when they were around . paul state , in vers 21 , that if we could be justifi by the law , christ die for noth and the cross is worthless . i do n't believ that , do you ? 
that is an appropri titl . when i hit my knee to pray a few minut ago , god gave me peac almost immedi . the christian faith is not one that is built on `` feel '' or `` emot '' , howev , those are tool that god ha hardwir into our be . for me , as a human , it is import to my intellectu and emot secur to feel at peac , and that is what god did for me last night after a long day , and tonight onc again . i think that it would be appropri for me to seek him in the morn as well . to start my day with that peac , would lead to less requir , on my part , for that bless again at the end of the day . good thing god doe n't keep score like that . dear friend , do not be supris at the pain trial you are suffer ... rejoic that you share in the suffer of christ so that you may be overjoy when hi glori is reveal - 1 peter 4:12-13 everytim christ reveal himself to me in some small way , i rejoic . i truli do . the last week ha been a roller coaster . it is probobl noth compar to what lie ahead , but imagin when god 's glori is fulli reveal . oh , what a time ! i think that i need to do someth to make more of a stand at work . i mean , should i seek to be insult for my faith ? mayb just make it more evid that i am more than just a `` veri nice boy '' who just so happen to look awesom in khaki 's , but i digress . i pray that god would give me an open to discuss church or my faith with someon tomorrow at work . i am so faith that god is go to do that . man , He 's cool . humbl yourselv , therefor , under god 's mighti hand , that He may lift you up in due time . cast all your anxieti on him becaus He care for you . be self-control and alert your enemi the devil prowl around like a roar lion look for someon to devour . resist him , stand firm in the faith - 1 peter 5:6-9 thi redirect me to phillipian 4:6-7 which implor christian to cast their worri at hi feet , and pray , so that jesu can guard our heart . thi devot feel kind of like an episod of sienfeld right now , there are a number thing go on that are tie togeth in my mind right now . 1 peter 5 is about the role within the church ; young , be humbl and pray ; old , be eager exampl . throughout all of thi , god is right there for you to pray to and He is faith to guard your heart against the arrow of the devil . man , i can beat the devil . god alreadi ha . 
whoever serv me must follow me ; and where i am , my servant also will be . my father will honor the one who serv me - john 12:26 are you god 's servant ? if so , are you where He is ? do you follow him . He doe n't follow you , you follow him . the moral charact of the peopl of thi earth is go to continu to declin , unless our heart are humbl befor god and we are where He is . god is great . god is love . how do we get where He is ? pray . seek him daili , nightli , without ceas . thi is how we seek god , then we find him in hi word . oh god you are merci on a sinner , so good and merci . just use me . 
i am so tire . thi weekend wa veri nice . it is alwasi nice to return home . i spent a littl too long in the sun , though and now i am pay the price . nicol too . we got cook . it wa nice though to see the fam . we will return in a coupl of week to see her famili . i met with floyd on sunday morn and we had a veri product convers . i know that i am hear a lot of peopl tell me to wait on god , but i am so afraid of get complac , and i want to go now . i need to leark self-control . that is what a lot of last week 's bibl studi wa about . i got to hear willi preach thi weekend . that wa a treat as usual . the man speak with great author and he carri truth . i love him as a pastor and i look forward to meet with him in a coupl of weeks.i suppos i will start seminari class thi fall . do n't know how i will pay for them . nicol need to go to school and she ha been wait longer than me . she is so amaz and wonder . her heart is just so huge and i love her veri deepli . i am leari about what to with my job now . taht will pan out in god 's time i know . there are a coupl of entri in my written journal from the weekend , so i did n't post here . i need prayer . i need lot of it . i am go to have to remain strong in the lord and in the power of hi might . god ha been etern good to me and i will worship him . thank you lord for all you have done . give me an unrel burden and push me forward on toward the goal . thank you for be so good god ! 
i did n't post last night becaus i wrote in my journal . nicol wa use the comput to print resum packet for ministri job . she is a true servant and i am grate for her . i love the fact that she love me . i am wonder . i am excit about go to pensacola for the weekend . i am excit about what lie ahead in the next few day . i am troubl by the prospect of leav where i am now becaus i did make them a committ . today wa my eval and she gave the rest of the day off , and then i lock my key in my car . oh well , at least i got to hang out outsid with chasey . i pray for repent today . i need god 's love veri much . humbl is the key word if the last 24 hour . it 's not about me . 
