greet in the name of jesu ! roman 7 15 I do not understand what I do . for what I want to do I do not do , but what I hate I do . 16 and if I do what I do not want to do , I agre that the law is good . 17 As it is , it is no longer I myself who do it , but it is sin live in me . without comtempl `` chew '' on vers like thi , i 'd be left at , `` huh ? '' . you know P. min fast , pray and reflect on it . here are some sermon on it . listen to god more care . urllink here 's one , urllink here 's the other . here 's my breif understand of it . when god gave the law through mose , our sin wa reveal . though we did not know what sin wa until the law came , we still had it . the law made us slave to sin . becaus of the law , we are now account to our sin . by the grace and merci of god , through jesu , we are set apart from our sin and are freed from the law and along with that , the punish deserv for sin . see urllink the passion of the christ . grow christian or sometim sin hypocrit ? good desir vs. sin desir . though we are set apart and freed , are we sinless ? did jesu or doe god expect us to becom sin-less in thi life ? i onli know of one who live without sin . everyon befor and after him live with sin . but becaus jesu die for us , we are justifi . in justif , we are consid sinless and are adopt into hi famili . in adopt , we are hi perfect children , becaus of the blood shed by jesu . in us , He see jesu . while we live in thi world , we are be sanctifi . in sactif , we are becom more like jesu here in thi world . it is our part to persever , with the help and strength given through the holi spirit . ( post public addit ) know the phrase `` do what i say , not what i do '' ? i believ thi is typic use in the context of hyporit . the respons of thi hypocrit is that i must make what i say , what jesu did . give him the glori so that despit what i do , what i say point other to the cross . 2:33am , may 31 , 2004 By hi grace and merci , gill 
greet in the name of jesu ! thi blog will be dedic to my babycar . more later ... By hi grace and merci , gill 
greet in the name of jesu ! becaus she call me to see how i wa do thi weekend , thi blog is dedic to my playmat of the year , miss janett ( shown below ) she went all the way home to md/dc a coupl week ago . i miss her lot . now i 'm on campu and almost everyon i know is in chicagoland or elsewher . janett and i began hang out a lot thi past semest . she know me pretti well and feed my heart well ( see urllink thi love-m success ) . we hungout so much that random peopl in cfc even began come up to me and ask what wa go on . i assur you , we are good friend . just cuz i have mani more femal friend than male doesnt make me a playa or pimp . hate the sin , not the sinner . besid , i 'm just me . come from where i want to go , go to where god want me to be . if you knew me , you would love me . just playin ' , i 'm so terribl ! ; p thank for care ! here she is back home with a new sensual haircut , show off fashion lunchbox ( click to see her blogger ) : urllink anyway , we visit my hometown/chicago and her hometown/dc , which i 've never been . i donno whi spend time with girl is consid taboo in our church cultur , but i still love cfc . just got ta play the wise old man role i guess . if my life offend you , look at the offens of the cross . man , i just plank-ey you . lem me get that piec of dust outta your eye with my elbow . love god more , gill . By hi grace and merci , gill 
greet in the name of jesu ! i will fast from tv . well except for basketbal . becaus it help me chat with nonchristian at imp . anyway , here 's whi ... for lent i fast from all type of law and order . believ you me , that wa tough . it 's my favorit show . there 's lot of drama and a feel of compens and closur at the end . none of the relat drama i know about . anyway , be summer and kinda bore down here in the apt alon , i 've taken up a lot of televis watch . so now i will fast for ... forti day . i hope i have the right heart in do thi . in place of TV i will read , read and read . cuz i dont read much . i will still watch movi if it mean i 'll be spend time with peopl and build relationship for god 's glori . basic , i 'm fast from wast time , let TV fill me unhealthili . i will break fast after june 30th , so we 'll see where i 'm at juli 1st . god help me ! By hi grace and merci , gill 
greet in the name of jesu ! hi friend , soon after find an apart with two faith christian brother ( chri and aurum ) , god provid for me a job at the ymca . i began help as a temporari bu driver for the program . as time went on i becam a more regular bu driver and helper for the program . second semest , the person i wa help left and i took over as coordin . in addit to the respons i had befor , as coordin of the fun pass program , i had to plan monthli activ , updat famili with what wa go on and take on full respons of the student and program . as i took over , a rapid growth in attend occur . thi wa worrisom and stress for me . the major of the student were first time fun passer , as i wa , so we had to get use to one anoth . though there wa onli one of me , there were day where i had to take charg of 20+ junior high student . but i can testifi that god is good and ha taught me a great deal through thi experi . as the school year come to a close for my student and me , there is a dwindl of attend . part of the reason is the warm weather and the disciplinari problem some student have , at school/hom , with parent . i am now debat if i will return as coordin or just come in as an assist . i want to stay in these student ' live , but i also want to choos where god want me to be . i havent seen fruit of chang of heart , but i feel confid that god ha place me there for a reason . i just want to share god 's love for these student . i feel convict that mani peopl dont see that love without the committ behind it . we must live consist , christ-lik live . gill 
i feel veri displac right now . i havent gone to morn prayer sinc last week . i just wake up , eat , get readi for work , work , come back to the apt to eat and watch tv , take care of pooki , then talk on aim till it 's too late and repeat . i 've been experienc a lot about double-mot . whether it is brought up by someon or come from someth i read or listen to . what is god tri to teach me ? i know i need disciplin and even ask for it on occas . whi doe god love me so much ? i want to get myself out of thi slump , i dont like it at all . i feel distant from peopl and god . but the true answer is ... i need god . onli by the grace and merci of god . go to the cross ! 
for those of you who stumbl across here randomli , thi may or may not make sens . the senior pastor at my church here at school , urllink cfc ( coven fellowship church ) , pastor min , wrote hi doctor thesi on the heart motiv of peopl . thi may not be total precis , i still have a lot to learn about heart motiv . basic , everi person ha one major heart motiv , but there are differ layer and minor ( s ) . your layer determin how your major react . your minor are the other heart motiv that come out , but your major is the basi of whi you do the thing you do . your heart motiv , layer and minor ( s ) are what make peopl differ . with a better understand , you too can redeem your heart and love god more . there are four heart motiv ; love-m , like-m , respect-m and perfect-m . then you have success and failur layer . everyon ha one heart motiv and is in one of the layer , but in differ situat and with differ peopl , other layer or minor ( s ) will surfac . click it to learn a littl more about urllink heart motiv . now on to me ... rememb , thi is me , not love-m success in gener . my minor may show through thi paper . thi love-m success definit thi love-m success honestli believ that if you do not love me then you do not realli know me . To know me better is to love me more . god so love the world ... jesu love me , therefor you should love me . that is the sin of thi heart . relationship peopl who talk to me and spend time with me consist , feed me . the time and/or prioriti someon give me show they love me , which show they know me . I am also fed by constant and consist pursu from anyon , unless you are unlov to me . Do not worri , I am redeem thi gross . chosen one becaus of my selfish , peopl are in concentr layer ( circular level with a common center ) in relat to me . thi is not to be confus with heart motiv layer . chosen one are peopl who have `` pass '' my test process . they are in my inner most layer . thi may have taken mani year to come to fruition . potenti are in process of test . they may be determin at meet , or after pass a few gener test . close friend and aquaintance may be potenti . potenti are non-chosen one as are everyon els . My famili doe not seem to be my chosen one . To me , they are requir to love me , so their love is not as genuin , though I know it is . I have few close friend whom I consid chosen one . with my chosen one , I desir to spend more time with them . I am not afraid to chase after them , though they may reject me infinit time . with potenti or non-chosen one , there is a test period . after a few miss meetings/unreturn call , I am turn away . gener , I am test everyon , I have mani potenti . I tend to seek out or settl for relationship when I am not get fed . My currant SG member may becom my chosen one for a short period of time , but basic they are potenti . they just get a head start on everyon els becaus I have a predisposit to love them . situat I do not get fed by casual nods/handshak in a larg crowd situat . I would rather have a chosen one come to me and spend time with me . I think it make me feel love or show my lovabl . 
i may or may not post my person , random , truth , thought . bewar , they may be hars , random , god fear , god fearless , long and or otherwis disorgan . i may or may not make thi one public . 
