man ... it just not the same as the one from the hookah bar ... . 
hold my phone while I show you my toaster ! ! ! 
ever notic anyth funni about therapist ? well let me break it down for you -- the rapist ... . do they realli help us or just rape us ? 
import lesson # 1 ... when mix grenadin with coca-cola make sure the grenadin is not I repeat IS not 7 year old ... : ( 
the thing is that my brain might possibl stop function in a littl while ... i have been invit to pull some tube and hit up the bar for my buddi 's bday ... . good lord ! 
sleep is overr unless you are tire ... 
It 's the brand new urllink 2003 hooter calendar now thi is awesom ! ! ! 
urllink crazi peopl at mit 
now thi is cool ... urllink newsday.com - In the spirit of health 
prepar to fast forward ! prepar to fast forward ! fast forward sir ! ! ! 
ok so I am crave a red stripe beer right now ... and go to their websit didnt make my crave go away . I did stubl upon some hyster commeci they have though ... thi is one of my urllink fav check out the rest of urllink them befor it 's too late ... and pleas can someon pleas just send me a beer ... pleas i want a beer ... . mmmm ... beer ... .. 
... so I am at dunkin donut tonight and the normal high school crowd is hang outsid in the park lot caus i guess that is the cool thing to do on a tuesday night ... well two car are park next to each other compar whose ride ha the ultim sound system , but instead of crank some hip-hop ( hip , hip hop hip hop anonym ( c8 ) they were crankin ' the beatl in a major way ... stop and make ya think dont it ... . 
urllink here is a stori i start write when I wa in the hospit with my mom ... hope you like it . drop me an urllink e-mail and let me know what you think ... . 
balanc is delici ! ! ! 
A littl bit of an updat from a awesom night @ margarita acoupl of week back ... guy , here 's to ... congress dad swim with bow leg women find 2pac 's true killer A night of drunken debaucheri slutti women at margarita tartufiffi the hartford waler old school eddi shore style quimbi colleg all I wan na do is a zoom zoom zoom and a boom boom A year of be singl ... way to fuck it up dad ... ; - ) 
bottega ... not bodega ... .lol playright come through in the clutch right on pekenpaw ! ! ! 
** newsflash ** old bethpag - A 22 year old grad student decid that sinc the road are cover in snow and the plow had not been around yet to make the street safe for motorist , it wa the perfect opportun to take advantag of what fun drive condit await . after a night hang out with a friend at the local coffe shop jare B '' bleep '' y decid it wa time to put hi 1997 saturn sl2 to the test . the road between huntington and old bethpag for the most part had not been plow sinc the snow began fall with the except of a few main road . On the way to the coffe shop take a turn a littl bit too fast mr. B '' bo '' y car went into a zig zag skid cut complet across the road approxim 4-5 time in each direct befor regain control of hi car . On hi way back to old bethpag , roughli three hour later , the road had still not been plow , sand or salt . again , feel a littl dare devilish he decid to test hi car traction abil as well as hi drive skill . back on the local road near hi home he decid it wa time to do some simpl maneuv that could have proven fatal in the road 's current condit . approach an empti t-intersect mr. B '' honk '' y cut the wheel of hi vehicl hard see how the car would handl the skid . instead of the car go into a 360 like he had hope , it had slid at a 45 degre angl opposit the direct in which the wheel wa turn . the vehicl hop the curb narrowli miss a stop sign and went onto the sidewalk . onc on the sidewalk the driver wa abl to regain control of the vehicl and make hi way back to safeti . thank you sir isaac newton ! upon return to hi hous , realiz hi skid mark had left an impress in the snow there wa onli one thing left for him to do . He pick up hi digit camera , hop on hi mountain bike and rode back to the skid scene . here are the photo in chronolog order . urllink imag when ask mr. B '' hoohaah '' y what possess him to do thi hi respons wa simpli , `` hey whi not ... it seem like a good thing at the time . besid most driver do n't actual know what their car can handl and what they can handl as driver . I think I have a good grasp on my level now . next time I 'll keep it in a vacant park lot ... and in my pant or someth like that . '' all righti then mr. B . for those of you read thi ... We 're not go to say what you should do , but if you 'd like more inform mr. B '' diddi '' y can be reach at urllink brewism @ jarbro.com . 
hey whether you like it or not we actual learn from everyth no matter how hard it may seem at that time we have to hurt in order to figur out who we are -- can you believ i said thi ? i guess i do know a thing or two -- 
what the hell is thi urllink crap ! ! ! 
Ok , So I wa just sit and eat leftov from the urllink cheesecak factori and a commerci for thi thing came on TV . Ok , in theori it a great idea ... but would be caught dead walk down the street of new york with one of urllink these bad boy from urllink hygen-a-seat.com ? If you order now you even get a stylish carri bag for it . screw the bag and be proud of your new purchas ... did I mention it come in 5 differ color . I know I am gon na buy all five of them just so it can match it to my outfit for the day . here is a list of altern use ... 1 . necklac for your girlfriend . 2 . An extrem larg headband 3 . nail it to your hous horizontallyand you have a basketbal hoop 4 . nail it to your wall and you have a dart board . 5 . throw it at your friend head like hors shoe . 6 . buy one for our love presid georg bush in red hope he will fall through the hole and drown ... 7 . keep one in your car in case you get pull over ... tri convinc the cop it one of the ring from uranu and it control your mind and your car . quickli throw it over hi head and drive away laugh . 8 . sell it on ebay to some idiot say that it a new contracept devic . 9 . A porn star stretch machin . 10 . hang them from tree and throw footbal through them so you can be more like chad pennington from the NY jet . ( god damn jet ) 
thi is an essenti purchas for ani colleg student . urllink check it out 
holi shit ! ! ! dell tech support repres suck ... I am on the phone with one who doe not understand one bit of english and who prolli ha the IQ of a grey field mous . dell should not hire peopl that can not understand or speak english well enough to deal with their custom ! I think she just got fustrat with me ... I am a bastard and I know it . hehe 
i hope thi is n't our urllink god 
urllink riiiiiight ... .. 
urllink happi valentin day all 
urllink crack IS good 
sqxxxxxey ( 12:00:08 AM ) : I got stood up by anoth dude sqxxxxxey ( 12:00:10 AM ) : fuck men sqxxxxxey ( 12:00:13 AM ) : fuck em in the ear beatmix00 ( 12:00:47 AM ) : fo real ? beatmix00 ( 12:00:53 AM ) : in the ear sqxxxxxey ( 12:01:34 AM ) : yeah dude beatmix00 ( 12:01:41 AM ) : oh lord 
bexxxxx01 ( 12:17:06 AM ) : help me design my websit bexxxxx01 ( 12:17:09 AM ) : puhleas Z xxxxle ( 12:18:54 AM ) : hmmm Z xxxxle ( 12:19:06 AM ) : one sec i 'm nomin one of my cat for aol pet of the week who doe that ! ! ! ! 
