not that it realli matter . I do n't have anyth special to say . It just feel good to do thing `` regularli '' appar , they hurt less then . how mani year of tortur ? I do n't know . I 'm sure they kill those one befor they get there . So anyway , I went to get burger today . real good one . actual , one . and fri . and a 50/50 mix of lemonad and sprite , which is `` lemon lime '' so instead , I got 3/4 lemon and 1/4 lime . If my math rock . and it doe . So I 'm listen to reggi watt right now . track 4 from simplifi . good stuff , check it out whoever read thi ( ghost ! you 're all ghost ! ) back to the stori that is n't realli good enough to be a stori . the ladi there tri to pass me a 1/2 fill cup as some kind of cruel token for my actual self serv small coca cola paper-wax beverag contain . I call her on it , that I did . then I sat down in the corner . like the dunc corner I guess , but there were window , and I do n't think dunc 's got window . most of them had add probabl . the `` dunc '' that is . and I pick up some random lewd newspap ( lewd as in lewd advertis strewn about ) the newspap wa crap ! anyway I wa tri to read jazz show list while some gorgeou blond wa oggl me . Oh , her hair wa full of highlight , not natur of cours , and she wa far too dress up ( or dress down in a dress up fashion ) to be in a joint like that . I ponder what to do.. and so I fold over the other half of the newspap and cover her motionless face . Ah , silli bought emot . model must be good at fake things.. you 'd think . No not that . and while I wa sit at the counter , rest , drink my 75/25 pop , stare out the windows.. a man slink past my view ( he wa actual in my view , I just did n't care ) ask the cashier ( or whatev ) to buy a hamburg with a credit card , or a check , wa deni , told he could buy a pop for 2 dollar or someth , and promptli left . not veri interest ! anyway , that wa when my burger wa readi and I walk home . So it kind of burn into my memori . I 'm go to wrap up thi cd and mayb go to bed or someth . I 'm still not sure what to write in here . noth tremend excit seem to happen.. embellish the detail , eh ? adio , moon . 
you know.. carri on my wayward son ? I wa just listen to it , and you know ... I do n't understand the point of have one of these . peopl tell me it for attent whore , but if I do n't do that , what ? Am I screw ? and anoth thing . where are all the urllink emo kid ? you know , with their blubberi `` omg , life is so hard , help me , I 'm so sad on the insid , blahblahblah . I hate that emo urllink band cuz they sold out '' or even the urllink goth ? either way , I have n't been read ani bad poetri on thi site yet.. and that make me sad , ON the insid . I 'm seriou . I 've seen blog about interior decor , and coffe , and all thi total off topic karp . I just do n't get it . and what am I suppos to write in thi thing ? `` So today I went and I clean up my room and found my old collect of miniatur and I wa like `` score ! '' We all know you do n't deserv those kind of juici detail . someon better explain it to me befor I use thi site to take note with 
realli , wors than genocid , I slept in till 10:50 . those nazi and their moral , damnit ! now I 'm just an empti , shallow , ( pleas piti me , ) shell of a husk of an egg carton of the supermarket of my soul . and I 'm hungri , and I 'm lock in , and I 'm realli realli hungri . see , I have n't had breakfast yet ... so the nazi are still better than me . So I woke up , and my face wa all scratch up and hot and with that crappi eye salt in my eye and the bed post wa hump me ( mind you I have no bedpost , I sleep on a matress on a boxspr on the ground ) and it wa urllink horribl ! and you know , I keep my window open for the entertain of other as well as the comfort of myself , but someon close my door thi morn and I lost my cross breez ! and that wa urllink horribl ! you know , the easi trick to disconnect from a link is just to hit return after it , and then press backspac . No , realli ! I 'm go to stop now.. again , and go to the hardwar store to get some breakfast . they have good food , right ? they 'd better ... goodby urllink moon . 
I AM aliv ! wrar ! rawr ! roawar ! yeah.. someth similar to that . So thi alex kid link me to hi blog , and I tri to sign up , but someon alreadi took my name ! that a god damn lie ! anyway , long stori short , I took my name , and becaus I use the same password for everyth , it wa n't veri hard to log in . GO ON ! tri and guess it ! I 'll even pay you like microsoft ! but uh , if you break in , I get a free pinata . pinata ? how do I do that squigli line ? anyway , I need to write one of these thing befor my `` blog '' ha ani substanc . you understand the word blog , right ? web log ? kinda slur togeth . and then the lazi peopl were all like `` blog blog blog blog ! '' actual , that wa the eccentr peopl . the lazi peopl were more or less do noth over there in that corner . over there . I 'm go to stop now . g'night moon . 
that 1 ! just as 6/6 , 10000/10000 , 1/1 , ect ! ye mathemat , the numer is the denomin 's bitch . it true . mathemat speak . So I just blew 70 dollar on book and tool ( book to make tool , so we can say all tool I suppos ) and I want them now ! So whi do n't we have teleport yet ! At least teleport for thing like packag , we all know those do n't have feel . unless you give it a bit of your soul ( or it steal it ! ) then it ha mucho feel , like mood swing even . It might even bite you.. packag that is . but they flee through the mail ! So I order a pencil torch for kick along with the rest of the stuff , but I 've read I ca n't leav it on for more than 30 second straight . what the hell ? how will I burn a hole into the center of the earth now ? jackass need to make them with cool fin and some peltier tile ! anyway , I had 5/5 as the titl as a draft , and that wa it . though I should fill it in . btw , my life is veri bore ... sunset ! yeah ! and my rice is burn ! 
