wow , what a total consortium of incrimin evid against thi administr . inde , bush is presid onli in name , not in right or action . I sincerli hope he 'll be remov from offic thi next elect , for anoth four year of thi polit disgust will surley ruin out countri . I should go to england ... 
well , I 've gone and delet all of my all bog , and start anew . As shock as my dedic reader will be ( current zero in number ) , it seem for the best . I wa inspir by the time magazin articl thi month . quit the excel magazin that one is ... my teacher 's forc us on to these thing for next year , but it all good , so whi argu . In my literari categori , I must point out that one should read the shadow of the wind , quit the excel read , if I do say so . also , to a lesser extent , I just finish garth nix 's abhorsen trilog , which is also a veri good time for those interest in fantasti . If you want to discuss some more literatur , just send word to brizzle11 @ yahoo.com and I 'll be more than happi to discuss and good literatur . well , it elect time , and I ca n't stress enough how imper it is to oust GW bush . In my sixteen ( soon to be seventeen ) year of life , I have never seen radic neg chang as brought about as bush . when I wa in elementari , dure the clinton era , the nation mood wa bright , as it usual is in a strong economi . record were broken in wall street , ga price were bad , but not bloodi well murder , as they are now , and we were pretti cool in the intern commun . enter the bush , and we are spiral toward someth reminisc of the matrix . the republican 's have strip democraci away from us , put their blacken polit into everyth from the elect to the patriot act , which is the most disgust piec of legislatur ever to pass in thi countri . In fact , if bush were to see thi blog , he could have me pick up and held captiv for an infinit amount of time , with no lawyer and no right . that 's democraci ? No , that 's bushism . pleas , see mr. moor 's new movi ! If your go , take some friend ! that movi realli will have the strength to chang the elect , should enough peopl have the gut to see it . IF your A republican , also see thi movi . Go ahead , put your polit belief to the test . I read ann cultur book , now you go see moor 's movi ( as most republican 's would have left the page right now , I decid to embolden those word to at least get one point though ) . know thi enemi , though you might be sway by what you see . bush cozi right up to the bin laden 's befor 9/11 , villain attract villain I suppos . that 's all I have for now . check back often and spread the word , I 'd love to get at least some reader ... I 'll have a whole lot of time thi summer . I may tri to post pictur of page from my moleskin notebook , as a kind of cool blog thing . toss a repli of critic of congratul ( or literari snippet ) at brizzle11 @ yahoo.com I 'd love to talk . check you all later . 
I must say , these notebook are the freak bomb ! ! I 've written two novel and sold publish right use the larg one ( no , not ani major novel , but it make some nice money on the side ) and the small one are excel for everyth from schedul to anyth goe write . the smaller rule notebook are my favorit to use , as they are big enough to easili write in but small enough to be kept in one 's pocket ( thu the easi way to keep a planner in you pocket ) . for write , I like to use one of two pen . first ( and the coolest look ) is the cross ion pen . veri small and veri interest design combin for a great pen . for somth a littl more down to earth , I like to use a regular gel pen ... I forget the exact name , but I 'll post that later . In ani case , get the cross ion at offic max and the moleskin at border , and be set to have some write inspir ! cheer , empire11 
