i mine through the crumbl earth hope the deeper i dug the closer i wa , to the womb , to chao and the begin of creation where the brillianc of light would flare like the sun , no longer eclips by our sleighthand passion and curiou blind eye . 
dwell in the cavern of our mind someth that we 'd found long ago but lost to the dark of neglect , the first love for word and blue sky . 
your special day your special day is not entir made up of the usual smile , the usual tongu wrestl kiss . Oh no it call , for someth extraordinari . A brilliant , ingeni brew of hedonist delight with divin inspir appetis and dessert . perhap to start off a skirt reminisc of lolita and strappi heel to compliment a virgin white blous with no frill . then as the appetis whisk by you smell the innoc floral scent like mint dress on tender lamp chop . In case you 're still dream then well-ton leg earn from hour in the gym will wrap around your waist and the main cours can begin . ani girl who love you thi much would do all of the abov and more . they could moan and promis to love you forev , until the next moon and lifetim . As they melt in your mouth , their passion repli would gratifi your desir and when you are finish , there wo n't be anyth left to find fault with . So what ha a virgin , with god 's given gift of temper , anyth left to offer you ? sure her knit sweater and home-mad card will find a cosi space in the back of your mind sooner than the just bake browni on the tabl . for each bite from the edg to the heart of it chocol centr , you rememb the time when come home brought relief and comfort to your free-rang spirit in the world . for each nut you encount , memori of her trigger begin with the time you peek at her chang , see her silhoutt on the curtain . there were n't mani nut but they were just enough to bring you to the point when she wrote her first poem for you , after all the love letter you 've sent . your special day , I did n't forget . Of cours I have a gift . It 's a fortun cooki with a messag in it . when you 're finish with the appetis , main cours and dessert , you 'll find my gift still there and a messag that will tell you what all of thi mean . but till then , how can i spoil the surpris ? 
miss someon can be such a deadli enterpris . she miss him as a friend but you ca n't help as a bystand to entertain the doubt that there could be someth more to thi friendship then what they claim it is . she handl the pain well enough she consid . there is the mug of coffe , the bar of chocol , the steadi , love , depend and perfect boyfriend to run to and hug . then it 's onli tonight that is strang , that she miss thi dear friend . flip open a book and read the word off the page aloud . At first the sens of these word doe not come across . she sit herself cross leg on the floor and place the book on her bed , reread it silent . trace back the life within the sentenc , replay the anxieti of the charact in that singl sentenc . she understand the paragraph and lean her cheek upon the bedsheet , look at the appl green wall of her room . she need to think . someth ha happen and suddenli a fact ha becom clear . deep insid there is a strang stir as if a note resound in the chamber of her mind . A key ha been struck but what is that key ? she trace the note , ride the wave of a simpl note . and she smile . well , perhap we wo n't get it all clear up today . she miss him . It 's as simpl as that . she miss him even as she hug the one she love . she will just miss him who wa as if an extens of herself . she just miss him . He had a brillianc about him that she could understand and see herself extend toward , gentli let the tendril curl around hi edg and fingertip . from him , these feel of long trace themselv back to the throb centr of her heart . there is a deeper long than thi for a friend which overshadow everi other long . god would know . He would know our attempt to chart the wilder of our heart and by hi grace , allow us to retrac sometim a particular feel or mood to know the way that would lead us back to our heart . but one wonder what one would find there in the veri core of a person 's heart . alreadi there have been suspicion of an empti vacuum just as the peopl from the ancient world ( i think ) thought that the world wa flat and the water of the ocean fell into a never end abyss . then that would be perfect for god then to say that He would be the onli one to fill that vacuum . then our book would never need to be reread again . what a wonder book she thought . In thi one paragraph she thought she might have glimps someth that wa onc so obscur by the scurri in life . that would be enough for her and perhap now would be a good time to call up that friend of her . 
throat is parch . the first few gulp of water had not brought ani relief . recal `` the littl princ '' and how the main charact found himself in the desert . Do thirst and sore throat alway evok clich imag of the desert for me ? It can not be help . life is an entir seri of clich you get lost in . everyth ha been thought of and creat , shown off and reclaim by mere differ name and differ cultur . ultim , all that we creat in our write are mere the vagu feel that other have not experienc yet . It is onli a matter of time befor we go through the cycl of feel , emot , ration thought . almost as if our mind were wash machin , whirl and spin the rag in circl . I think of the student that I will never teach . onli see these face rush toward me and run their own cours , leav thi place and their teacher behind them . stand in assembl everyday and approach five year of do that , I trade my flesh for stone and concret as I am slowli be carv into a pillar . just withstand the daili pressur and overcom the infrequ but intens , overwhelm urg to run away ha inde taken away much of my naiviti and a littl of my ideal . the heart take a coupl of knock and becom a littl wiser , perhap a littl stronger to undergo futur experi with much more fortitud . but be a pillar ... suck . I wonder if my senior colleagu ever notic as they pass by the mani full length mirror in the school hallway . well they are there for the student to keep their pleat straight and their hair in place yet they could have perhap reveal someth els if allow to . It could have reveal to mrs. tan that she ha been have the same hairdo for the last five year and possibl much longer than that from what I have gather . then sever of the other ladi could do someth about the carpet rag that they swath their bodi with like bandag . pillar get dirti . they perhap suffer the indign of be trap in the helpless stoic facad when abus over length of time . pigeon poo , graffiti , flake paint you can think of other I 'm sure . their singl devot to teach is worthi of respect . I ca n't imagin let a major part of one 's life , like career , be anyth but a passion , a convict . but someon ha to do the work of conserv , occasion renov to these pillar . certainli , I 'm not flippant about the function , practic and crucial role of pillar but sure , it doe not harm to beautifi the thing that deserv our utmost attent and respect . and that is just a thought that I would like to bring across . I know that mani here would think thi is superfici , unnecessari and certainli not surpris come from one of the junior teacher . but there must be someon to say someth about thi , to put it into word and speak it verbal to you . I might have done all these in clich from imag to the veri argument or idea behind what I wrote but all these are bearabl . you might disagre but I think that a worser thing than all thi , is the inabl to write further . 
the hous wa in near complet dark . when I sat out in the live room with the light off , on the floor and lean against the sofa , I wonder whi the hous wa never in complet dark . the moon would then be cover by dens cloud which wa a common sight so it 's not possibl that moonlight wa illumin the outlin of the sofa , the deckchair and the cabinet fill with knick knack . perhap not a veri logic conclus but on thi side of the globe , it 's alway so cloudi . I do n't get to see star most of the time and whenev I do , it is almost like a miracl to me , a sign from god perhap . alway comfort to know that there are star in the sky , watch you walk the lone stretch of road lead to your apart . but to think logic , there is light even in the dead of the night . the light in the corridor of neighbour block , even the light in the playground and the orang light line the road could somehow be reflect by the object of thi hous . everi ray count . I wonder whether it wa becaus it wa not so dark outsid too that made me think my hous wa not complet in the dark . what your eye behold far away seem to be drawn closer to you , fill your mind with a differ realiti and suddenli , you are no longer in the dark anymor . but it doe n't realli matter even if my apart wa in the dark . I knew where the wall section off differ part of the flat , where the fan is place exactli in the dine room although I tend to misjudg it proport in my sleepi and bump into the dusti fan head . I knew where the kitchen wa and two step from the entranc would lead me to the fridg . I open the fridg door and blink my eye a coupl of time as they got accustom to the sudden yellowish glare . In my dream , I reach out for a beer bottl . I do n't know how I crank it and took a huge gulp . I felt realli good to drink that beer . I do n't rememb tast it in my dream but just gulp it in such a raven fashion thrill me immens . instead of give a sigh of satisfact and linger longer in dream world , I woke up in shock . beer never tast thi good . I have n't drank one in a long time , have n't step into a joint to get one , have n't felt the mood then to sip one at home . I have n't done alot of thing that peopl my age are do still , for a veri long time . 2 year and 5 month to be precis . I sat up in bed , breath deepli , attempt to calm myself down . I refus to think , to analys and reflect . the essenti eight hour of sleep wa crucial in enabl me to endur the daili 12 hour teach stint in my neighbourhood school . It will give me the much need refil of energi but most importantli the self-esteem one get when the eye are n't bloodshot , puffi and weigh down with purpl pouch of skin . So sleep it wa and I pray that a slit of light wo n't penetr my dream until my alarm clock said so . 
If they had a child they said they could be twiddli happi , they would be abl to play the fiddl and burst into song everi other day . Oh if it wa a boy or a girl with sweet littl curl and eye like mine and hand like your , what joy they thought they will have ! So god grant their prayer , tri to make hast while their hope still sustain them , gving shape to their love vision . As her tummi grew bigger , they smile so much that their eye disappear and their mouth becam like slice of melon . At last when the child final came with a whoosh and a pop sound , they were smile so badli they could n't see what it look like . but the doctor ' cheer fell into a deadli silent and no cri came from their babi 's lip . they knew someth wa wrong . slowli their eye pop out and grew like saucer . they could n't believ what they saw . It wa a burtonish nightmar . It wa like discov their child had penguin flipper instead of hand . the child coo and blink it eye . As the doctor had lost her grip on it , it took the liberti to flap it wing . mummi and dad were not so much aghast that it had wing but that it wa a chocol babi boy with wing . for mummi and dad were white , as pure as soya bean milk which they imagin would be pump out of mother 's breast . whoever heard of a black angel ! the monstros , the blasphemi ! it eye were green and it lip were red . In addit , it wa born with a silver tutu as if god wa make a mockeri out of them . when god wa in hast , He certainli wa not veri care . they froze in mute terror , wonder if the devil would appear . but the littl boy kept flap hi wing and soon he wa lift off the tabl . He look strang ador , the light from the surgic lamp shine upon hi chocol bodi . make him blacker in the eye of hi parent but give him a sudden radienc in the eye of those from on high . He slept while the wing lift him up and out of the window . thank god the devil took it away from their bloodi arm . they sigh , reliev that they will never have to customis hi cloth or face the wordless shame from the sunday school teacher . A k-mart babi would be fine they agre and decid to be more specif in their prayer . 
the trip to the mall wa strang invigor . strang becaus thi time she wa not the one do the shop but the observ of anoth happi individu indulg in thi past time . they came to the section where you could string your veri own necklac and bracelet with the gazillion number of bead that they offer . look at the row of color , materi , contour and shape just made her veri happi . It wa like attend a fashion show . the riot of color from the color bra to the psychedal top and now the bead dazzl her like never befor . thi wa so becaus she had just realis that her life wa in a major monochrom crisi . she alway wore pink or purpl pair with someth white . when shop onli purpl and pink thing realli made her heart race . It wa as if all thi while go through the mall , she wa colour blind , onli abl to react to certain shade of color and oblivi to the rest or whatsoev colour harmoni there might be with a rack of cloth . her eye rest on a rack that wa in the chang room . cloth that would normal have resid in safeti among it fellow brand mate ( even order into a conform color code of green on one rack , blue top on anoth ) are thrown togeth with their rival , both in brand and color . purpl top were strewn across yellow bra and pattern skirt hung besid a fishnet neon blue blous . yet her jade color opinion did n't get in the way and instead of ignor the mess as she alway did , grew intrigu by the harmoni blend of color that wa take place befor her eye . If there wa a ration explan to all thi , he would be abl to think up of one . perhap he might come up with a mathemat equat . the light grew dimmer and night came . the light in the mall never falter . the air condit pur and consist gener the cool air that creat the perfect temperatur for shopper and exhibits.sh thought about what he might say if she told him all that had happen to her today but he wa an ocean a few thousand mile away . there will be no one to return home to except the fat tabbi cat . 
sullen sky . your coattail leav a trace , a wet path across the varnish parquet . it is so cold . the time to rous oneself is alreadi pass . that is not true but no one believ in themselv anymor . with my brown jacket i wrap my bodi , my soul , intent on walk these street to find life for heaven 's sake . it is too cold for thi time of the year or so the complaint of everyon goe . but i can not help what i dream , what compel me to wander and journey for all the pass of time . sure even the grave can not hold me for my dwell place lie not in it grim predict and gloom . few find the narrow path , fewer remain on it and reach your throne . but where the coldest wind dwell , where the sleep giant lie , where the height reign over mortal live , there I will journey . I will chart the wilder of the heart , and onc enter into death will onli pass it by and gain entranc to my father 's heart . 
two individu are sit on separ tabl , talk on their mobil phone . theflat-hatt : phew i 'm back ! sillygirlinr : as if that meant anyth ... theflat-hatt : glad that you 're happi to know i 'm back . By the way jason had ... sillygirlinr : well i ca n't help you . you jolli well know the answer alreadi pleas . theflat-hatt : ye that 's pretti sad is n't it . He wa so obstin in buri old blacki by our favourit park bench . yeah ! you bet peopl were stare ... sillygirlinr : If you ever dare to come here , i 'll ... I 'll just be super piss . Do n't you ever dare ... Do n't you ever dare ! ( press the engag button ) theflat-hatt : woah ... no noth just someon at the next tabl . anyway , thank for offer to drop by later . jason would be realli appreci . Oh wait a minut you know what ! you can bring calista too ! yeah I know ... sillygirlinr is tri to read a book but she is visibl upset . she look up from her book with the book still in her hand and is lost in her thought . sillygirlinr : i wish she 's here ... theflat-hatt : so it 's a date . I 'll see you later then and thank dear . thank you so much . sillygirlinr stand up and walk away . theflat-hatt take hi hat off and look exhaust . theflat-hatt : i wish i wa a million mile away . what 's new ? 
silli girl in red can you smell the air ? that damp ... almost a woodi smell , moist wood of hollow tree trunk ... it ha just rain and so it smell ... so good . boy with one shoe it probabl smell exactli the way you 've describ it . I ca n't smell it coz I use to smoke alot . silli girl in red but how doe smoke dull your sens ? boy with one shoe it probabl burn out your tast bud or your nose sens abil . someth ha been fri , short-circuit . but the sensat will come back when the new cell are grown ... silli girl in red that is provid you do n't smoke again . boy with one shoe ye ... i may get my sens back . silli girl in red sorri if thi seem rude ... of cours you do n't have to give me an answer if you do n't want to ... when are you go to get anoth shoe ? boy with one shoe my romant inclin toward individu and selfhood would never allow me to get anoth shoe for my bare foot ... i wa just kid . silli girl in red some day you 're so full of shit . boy with one shoe i know ... make that everi day though . it suck to go without a shoe . silli girl in red so ? boy with one shoe so what ? silli girl in red you know about the other shoe . boy with one shoe oh ye . well never . i 'm never go to get anoth ... becaus if i do that , i might lost my sens , my sensit . with one foot cover i gain speed to transvers thi world but the other without cover slow me down becaus of the occasion intens of sensat . you know like how brick pavement get so heat up that you liter feel like you 're walk on fire like those kavali figur ? silli girl in red realli . do those kavali bearer walk across fire too . boy with one shoe i do n't know but that 's besid the point . i wa just tri to say it 's a bloodi hot pavement . anyway , so my feet without cover slow me down but not complet ; just enough to let me savour the sensat but at the same time keep a reason pace when walk ... silli girl in red i do n't know . you 're just too lazi . you 've probabl broke and ca n't afford a pair of new sneak . you 're just ... boy with one shoe the boy with one shoe silli girl in red no . you 're just crazi . 
the depress stori . onc , twice , you 're push my patienc button and it work . but start feel trigger happi by go the distanc for four and so on , you 're realli ask for ... what ? applaus ? limelight ? some valid of your alreadi pathet exist on earth ? perhap i 'm not be understand here . rude and callou , i know i can see it from my word . but i beg you to just be still for my saniti , for our friendship , for troubl live that charg through the line and demand noth more of the silenc . thi is not a vacuum of revolut you must fill but a quiet movement in thi present that no one realli understand . 
A cup of rose tea bud of rose unceremoni thrown into the cavern belli of porcelain . I think of everi come pleasur with a thought that never unwind itself . A long , drawn out desir play itself out in my daili action of fill my teapot with rose bud , appli the pressur to releas the hot water , wait and wait . one day i wait far too long . i return to see a stain of red at the base of my cup . it wa like a piec of red string tie around my finger from my grandfath 's funer . the desir for life alway play itself out and the day is alreadi spent . 
how curiou the word that twist into thi misshapen mass - a troubl conscienc . I wa on hot pursuit after the veri scent of god . My emot left a sweet trail for an enlighten mind to follow . I climb everi rung of the ladder confid till the phone rang . then it wa that I lost the presenc of mind , He slip out of my finger as I grope in the sudden dark . find no outlet for my frustrat , I grappl with my loss with an understand of a child and return my gaze upon myself . ( cont 'd ) 
confus swept me off my feet and dear lord , I follow the best of what I knew . email , lunch , a spot of tv . work , anoth stain from the swirl palett . forgiv me lord . I am a child that ca n't grow on her own . who know whi the bodi matur ? how a child suddenli speak when the last you saw , a trembl bundl of flesh and undisturb rest . such mysteri confound me and silenc inde make wise the foolish . I will return to you . faith guid the hand when eye corrupt with age fail to perceiv . I will return to you . grace cleav the desir of the flesh and through it passag , your saint will travel to find you . I will return to you . though my sens fail , still the hope in my spirit man will never fail to find you . I know how to continu thi journey in dark . let no other light lead me astray . 
read urllink anita shreve 's latest novel on love relationship and reminisc , i walk away after the first few page like walk away from a department store coz they just do n't have your size . what is it with reminisc ? can you rememb how the flame lick up the drape and the logo of the roll stone flash across your mind ? can you rememb the divin be of fire that breath in the entir hotel and spit out it ash ? you 're not reminisc and I hate to be fool by someon who tri to strike a pose and past off as be spontan , pontif prolif shit . noth against a. . noth against the world . becaus now i 'm go to reminisc . ye I am and despit all of my misgiv for thi pretenti activ , I will pursu thi till my brain begin to put up the sign for a rest room break . believ me that i am a romant ; believ me that i still believ in enthusiasm . I write becaus it 's about time to have a record about these thing . how do you know when it is the time ? when you realis that although you 're twenty-thre , there will alway never ever be the right time for write . you start it , get the engin run or stall and wait till someon fill your ga . will someon come ? best not to take the gambl . It 's time for life to present itself even if i do n't understand or realis half of the time of what i 'm realli say . that 's your job . all i do is write . So there i wa a 10 year old wait at a bus-stop . i 've wander from the shop mall nearbi and have complet lost sight of the mother , the mother ship or my mum who I onli meet occasion . her absenc is alway excus by my grandpar 's explan as they sought to pacifi me with the televis whenev i could not shut the hell up . Or when i wa in that silent , pensiv mood , they would tri to speak to me . `` she 's got ta work boy . she 's work now so she can buy you thing . she can buy you food and the cloth that you wear right now ... also the televis ! see your favourit . '' `` where is mum '' `` ssshh ... she 's work hard now ... you go watch tv and then later when ah gong is back , we 'll go out for a nice dinner ok '' `` will she be back soon '' `` tsk . No more question now . you watch he-man finish and keep quiet . If you are good , we will eat mcdonald . '' ask question can be irrit . I can understand that now especi if thi kid bug you everyday with the same thing and there 's no way out even if it 's as simpl as walk out of the hous . he-man alway look kinda orang to me . I return to the live room even though he-man is get bore . I wa ten . I wa wait for the vampir flick to kick in at 10pm where i will watch secretli from under the cover , my ah gong just half a meter away who did n't care if i could n't get to sleep . `` you ca n't sleep ah '' `` yeah '' and vampir would jump to the ring of the bell , be control by the taoist priest who had past yellow slip of paper on their forehead . my ah-gong ate hi peanut and burp with hi beer ; hi back alway to me which wa comfort at time coz when it realli got scari , i 'll think ah gong is protect me . He wo n't let them come out of the tv . when wait for my mum to pick me up in her littl red car after piano lesson , I will find the ixora and pinch at the littl stem to draw out the sweet liquid . i will wait some more after the ixora have exhaust me and just let my gaze run with the crack in the concret bench . i 'll find a rhythm to beat out on the hand rail with paint flake from them . If i could get an edg , i 'll pull out a rill of paint and spend more time observ the ant , negoti through the bumpi terrain of hand rail . sometim there wa a huge spider web on the tree nearbi , but i never got to see the spider . and after all thi , i 'll just wait some more . mayb the spider will appear . but there will be a loud and discord nois of impati honk and i 'll know , it could onli be mum . 
our poem of silenc how did we come to thi a consensu to hold the peac , to uphold the last shred of civil and then we find ourselv return , to valu we thought were abandon , to chorus we thought were worn thin . befor we know it , we are at word again . the incomplet sentenc finish their end rhyme , the show of forc moral upon the break of tear . so let 's finish our game . befor we begin , shall we come to a consensu - again ? 
1 corinthian 15:10 but by the grace of god I am what I am , and hi grace toward me wa not in vain ; but I labor more abundantli than they all , yet not I , but the grace of god which wa with me . taken out of context . i stand at the edg of the pool , toe the water , dip my ankl , shudder from the cold : not mile but mere metr befor me . i do n't understand olympian with their ostens strong and rippl muscl , blade that danc across the surfac while , my bodi continu break the ice and let the cold in . i stand in a pink trim , sequin black suit , pale as sick . one moment the plung , that will end thi monologu . one more moment the plung from they say , dark into light , buoyanc , the thrill of go back and forth while your spirit race to the finish line . just one more moment to be more or less human : but for the grace of god . 
for your love , i would do anyth . just to see the smile upon your face [ stevi wonder - for your love ] thi heart overflow of all the thing you have place insid of it . your love , your deed of old and new , your word , your promis of thing unseen : they overwhelm me with their possibl . with simpl thought , I make known your miracl . Of babe nurs in your arm , Of elder held in your embrac , how time and place gather all in thi singl moment to live in everlast burn , incendium amori . but give care to the young men . where the sweet flame burn , let your eye alway return . let your eye reliv the begin and the end . the care of the battl rest much easier in the bright of hi come . So onc more oh god , let your love come down to flesh and bone , to men whose spirit are easili dismay . then , new wine shall be made , new song shall be sung , to your prais and everlast glori . for no deed shall ever be as great , as those that your love ha inspir . 
a littl poetri of our own a littl poetri of our own : the gestur of humour circl around him like a glow , a light that make the dark easier to bear . her maiden song on perform for all to recognis except herself as she slip away from the applaus . hi enthusiasm that underscor a life of weari yet patient , exact perfect . we write our human with an inkless brush , and it seem as if all the stroke go awri ; especi when foot step falter , the cheer die down , and the spot of dark bore out sight from strain eye . we will never know how and when our poem end . the twist and turn of the line are not restrain by a punctuat mark . our littl poem : who can draw figur out of them as our bodi intertwin in danc and song ? 
