urllink yahoo ! new - 'harri potter and the half blood princ ' 
prime number are what is left when you have taken all the pattern away . I think prime number are like life . they are veri logic but you could never work out the rule , even if you spent all your time think about them . the curiou incid of the dog in the night-tim , mark haddon 
Is liber and self awar , realis that I have the capac to hurt someon advert and not feel guilt about it ? Is our conscienc our limit as in xenogear , the genet code implant in us , not to go against our creator , not to have the strength to match them , to have an uncontrol fear of them , that we whimper at their feet ? guilt . It use to last longer . thi time , it last for just half a day . the first ten minut were the most intens but it slowli fade , while my gear were tear the angel apart . amazingli , no insomnia , I slept with minim interupt . the next day , I did n't feel a thing . actual , I did feel someth . A strang cheeri , my save had increas by a thousand and I have more time to do my research . what happen to my conscienc ? It use to be strong , it use to dictat my mood and my inact . where ha it gone to ? Am I free ? Or have I just been play too much xenogear and read fight club ? 
We are not special . We are not crap or trash , either . We just are . We just are , and what happen just happen . fight club , chuck palahniuk 
you are not a beauti and uniqu snowflak . you are the same decay organ matter as everyon els , and we all part of the same compost pile . what you have to consid , he say , is the possibl that god doe n't like you . could be , god hate us . thi is not the worst thing that can happen . mayb becaus god 's hate is better than hi indiffer . chuck palahniuk , fight club 
after tyler and marla had sex about ten time , tyler say , marla said she want to get pregnant . marla said she want to have tyler 's abort . you know , the condom is the glass slipper of our gener . you slip it on when you meet a stranger . you danc all night , then you throw it away . the condom , I mean . not the stranger . thi is whi I love the support group so much , if peopl thought you were die , they gave you their full attent . fight club , chuck palahniuk 
urllink view from the room 
urllink the bride ! 
My fist is the divin breath blossom , o fallen seed , and draw upon thi hidden power grant unto thee the power of the gloriou mother of destruct 
urllink had a good dinner with friend . most peopl consid cook a chore , for me , it an interest , a passion and there 's noth more that I like than to cook someth for friend or famili . anyway , for the meal , as you can see from the pictur abov , I have a brais lamb chop dish , a bit too strong , the tast of lamb , for my palat , i will have to look into spice , to mask the tast of the lamb itself . the other two dish are , lemon chicken and stir fri beef and lettuc . for a closer look , just click on the pictur itself . 
If I 'd hug you back when you were eight , or pretend to give a damn about your scale model of the pryamid at giza , do you think you 'd have been ani differ as a person now ? dougla coupland , all famili are psychot 
Do not go gentl into that good night , old age should burn and rave at close of day ; rage , rage against the die of the light . though wise men at their end know dark is right , becaus their word had fork no lightn they Do not go gentl into that good night . good men , the last wave by , cri how bright their frail deed might have danc in a green bay , rage , rage against the die of the light . wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight , and learn , too late , they griev it on it way , Do not go gentl into that good night . grave men , near death , who see with blind sight blind eye could blaze like meteor and be gay , rage , rage against the die of the light . and you , my father , there on the sad height , curs , bless , me now with your fierc tear , I pray . Do not go gentl into that good night . rage , rage against the die of the light . 
urllink sinc the bear is talk about her dream home , thi is mine 
you 're a crossov writer ! urllink what kind of writer are you ? brought to you by urllink quizilla 
result day wa yesterday and the fate of a certain number of singaporean men and women wa determin by a ( I would say ) complex mathemath equat , a degre classif that demarc between a second upper ( or some may ponder upon , a upper second ) and a second lower . I have taught , almost all of these singaporean , in an offici capac , as a tutor of one of the third year modul and some , individu , I have taught , as a friend and after all that , I know , I like to teach , I like to interact with student , to educ them , not so much on the subject matter itself but on how to think with flexibl and not the rigid , we see in singapor educ . although , I suspect , the lesson is lost on most and oddli , the one who learn , are the one who alreadi possess that flexibl , so I ca n't realli say that I have taught her . anyway , I am happi for her , NM , for write such a wonder piec of academ write , for convinc me that some singaporean can actual think . It wa a pleasur read your dissert and I honestli , feel you deserv the mark and the grade you got . I hope academia is the rout for you and that , one day , we can collabor on someth : ) congrat NM . 
urllink ofotobrows photo 
