the blog will be back tuesday-ish , sinc in true UU style , I am run off to urllink whuuf 's annual camp macgrud retreat . sinc my person budget is tight thi year , I offer to cook for all 75 of us ( or at least be meal planner , head shopper , and kitchen wrangler ) in exchang for the scholarship joseph and I would have gotten anyway . besid , what better way to get to know a new congreg ( I move to SW portland on 3/15 ) than to coordin the kitchen at a weekend event ? here 's a sneak peak at some post in draft that you might see emerg next week : weapon of media destruct -- in which slate and shava take apart judith miller 's nytim pre-war wmd report . doe the M stand for moriarti ? pleas reform welfar reform ! If your man die , you get social secur survivor 's benefit for you and your kid . but if he ditch you , you are thrown into a live hell , and told to stick your kid into substandard childcar when their abandon issu are raw and bleed , and take the first job that you can get regardless of how it tear up your famili logist . famili valu ? So , as a modest propos , mayb more of the bum should just show up in the east river ... yeah , that 's the ticket ... yeah ... shava 's tip for phone bank think you ca n't get on a phone and ask a stranger for money ? Be a telemarket for progress social chang ! I 'll show you how to ration even decid to tri it , and give you some tip on how to kick ass and make friend shill for polit contribut . for the elabor of these and other vital issu of the day ( urllink `` what about naomi ? '' ) tune in next week for more uu for kerri ! 
So , the big question is , who will be john kerri 's run mate ? for me , of cours , one of the saddest bit is that howard dean will never even see a place on the ticket . who is go to accept a ticket with two white liber elit yanke guy ? mccain is right out , despit rumor . He 's said `` NO way '' with enough vehem , I thoroughli believ him . hillari clinton ? about 20 % of the countri love her , about 20 % think she 'd gag a maggot . too much potenti swing in the middl , there , I think . plu , femal veep do n't have a good histori . If you ca n't tell the player without a scorecard , thi urllink articl in slate might be just the cheat-sheet for you . We 'll have to wait until my birthday ( juli 29th , the last day of the democrat convent in boston ) to find out who 's the other half for thi buddi movi . 
I grew up rever ralph nader , nader 's raider , the pirg organ . last elect I vote trade with a guy in georgia so I could vote for gore here , and still know the green were get one more chad . but urllink thi articl in the villag voic is realli chill . I want to hear from nader that thi man ha been fire , becaus I want to know that thi is not nader 's base agenda : later I wa introduc to nader 's closest advis , hi handsom , piercingli intellig 30-year-old nephew , tarek milleron . although milleron argu that environmentalist and other activist would find fundrais easier under bush , he acknowledg that a bush presid would be wors for poor and working-class peopl , for black , for most american . As moor had , he claim that nader 's campaign would encourag web-bas vote-swap between progress in safe and contest state . but when I suggest that nader could gain substanti influenc in a democrat administr by focus hi campaign on the 40 safe state and encourag hi support elsewher to vote gore , milleron lean coolli toward me with extra steel in hi voic and bodi . He did not disagre . He simpli said , `` We 're not go to do that . '' `` whi not ? '' I said . with just a flicker of smile , he answer , `` becaus we want to punish the democrat , we want to hurt them , wound them . '' there wa a long silenc and the convers wa over . Oh , ralph ... Oh , geez ... My bumper sticker for ralph nader thi year : ralph nader ... unsaf at ani speed ... 
So , it could be that you do n't know about all the urllink controversi about diebold 's ( and other ) vote machin . perhap you did n't hear that the ceo of diebold -- a promin republican -- pledg to urllink person deliv ohio 's elector vote to bush . through ardent activ . Of cours . but urllink thi guy ha put togeth an adbusters-lik set of diebold parodi ad that ha had me laugh until I 'm about to bust someth . A must see , but slow load : urllink the diebold variat 
