insid dont have a job cant pay for it . keep messin up need to stop got to get rid of A friend or two not sure how to deal cant put it into word No one know what I truli feel need to be clean A start again hate how I am wish I could chang loath most thing about myself peopl see me how they want to I have friend mani inde My birthday is soon A show will be brodcast fact ? It is not most of it anyway 
wonder if thi work right ? 
hey ppl , well , ive been reread thi poem i wrote . im particulari proud of it . so im gon na post it again . im still feel the same way that i wa when i wrote it . so here goe ... . ( tell me what you think of it ) look there she is right there in front of me you do n't see her ? she 's right there she is the girl with mani friend but onli a few close to her she is lone and singl becaus she is known as `` just one of the guy '' are you sure you do n't see her she is right there right there in front of me she is somewhat of a passiv , laidback girl she doe n't put a lot of effort into how she look she is pretti and popular and consid a goddess In her own world . she is right there , right there in front of me can you see her now ? she is face me she is mock me make her stop , I ca n't go on she is real , I tell you . and you still ca n't see her she is right there right there in that ... mirror ~niki original~ 
the hous all are gone , the hous is ... quiet.them alreadi So ... veri ... . sad . I miss . the hous ... smell of cigarett smoke . the memori ... are here and mani . My cousin ... left behind some stuff . perfect reason ... to visit them ! ! ! the mad crazi hous ... ha return to the bore , old , normal self , onc again . sad ... like I said . ~niki orginal~ written thi past summer . 
untitl eye which can not see have no troubl speak harsh word eye which can not see have no troubl listen onli to certain thing eye which can not see have no troubl push away someon close eye which can not see have no troubl open a wound eye which can not see have no troubl walk away forev eye which can not see have no troubl be naiv open your eye , see the truth , realiz what you have done , befor it is lost , forev . 
untitl she want attent from a guy in mind the thing she like are hard to find she act all giddi and flat out beam just think of the man of her dream she danc around her hous with delight the guy she want is no longer out of sight the phone ring , she 's got a date final a chanc with her soulmat As he arriv dress to impress plu more she now see , he 's the boy next door . 
