date : may 25 , 2004 07:06 AM subject : RE : hello bodi : hi ! i guess i will have to indulg on exchang note with you while i still have the chanc . i 've been on a month-long-break and it will soon be over in june . i wa nomin and assign as a grade level coordin ( contract start in june ) and i can alreadi feel the weight of the respons on my shoulder for the next three year . i decid to rent a room in one the hous near miriam , where i teach , so as to concentr and mayb realli start live independ . i wa also away from home ( for the first time ) when i start teach at mc in 2000. joel wa with me to rescu me from the devast of live alon . he 's a great companion , i could just imagin how he ha been take good care of you . hi home and hi famili becam more than my own . it onli last for a school year . it felt so tire so after i got use to my job 's routin , i went back home . i have to mention thi becaus i know that i will have to express my gratitud to him and hi famili for the rest of my life . thing would n't be great if not for their support and uncondit love for me . my life , start june thi school year , will be differ from what i describ . i ca n't think of anyon els to rescu me but myself and god . yeah , i 've been strenthen my estrang relationship with him . and that make thing more excit for me . honestli , look for love ha been so frustrat on my part . though i 've date a coupl time , been attract to a number of potenti papa , but i onli end up toy with trauma and dwell on my `` know-it-all-been-ther '' school of thought . i believ that love ha to be someth that mystifi me , want me to jump right into it without second thought nor fear . that is whi i wo n't ceas to hope and pray for true love . but for as long as the man i am with is n't success in eras the trauma , i am simpli determin to show true love to myself and everybodi els , the christian way . i wish to give my some reaction to your letter so pleas bear with the length of thi letter : ) well , here 's the other side of the stori . edsoc yahoogroup ha been my onli link with joel . it keep us updat with the project and stuff . you could 've laugh if you found out that even in thi group , we both manag to ignor each other 's presenc . it 's a common trait that i share with joel . it wa n't difficult for me becaus i know a number of hi used-to-be-clos friend who end up mutual ignor each other due to some misgiv . haya , hi girlfriend befor me , had the same experi . to cut it short , it 's the most predict end to ani of hi relationship . although he did n't intend for us to end that way , i am consist with thi principl : a break up for me mean to break everi bond that i 've share with the person , no matter how great the love wa . it 's as wors as acknowledg the person 's inexist . he know it becaus i refus hi offer of friendship when we broke up . for me , it 's the most descent thing to do . especi when i knew about your exist . it 's the greatest gift i could offer to hi relationship with you . howev , i 'm realiz the immatur implic of thi principl . i do n't know if joel wa abl to share thi with you . dure the first week of janauri thi year , we almost bump into each other when we cross the ( opposit side ) of the overpass along philcoa . we were both shock . i could feel hi resist it wa so obviou he almost turn back . i did n't find it insult , rather , i realiz it wa my funniest experi with an ex-lov , i even laugh secretli . occas like that are invet and i ca n't imagin myself receiv that kind of treatment from him , again . baka matawa ako ng husto mabatukan ko siya nang di-ora . that 's joke asid ! go back to our edsoc affair , i wa too wari about attend the concert . i wa respons for invit three of our guest band for that night and the onli way for me to thank them wa to wit their perform . the anxieti root from my awar that joel also prepar a perform that night . it would be the first time for us to meet sinc the break-up and i had the gut feel that you would be there ; thi worsen my anxieti . peopl were use to see us togeth and see the three of us in that concert wa the most awkward moment for me . I even pray for the presenc of my dad , brother and male buddi that night , just to feel secur . I wa left with no choic , i took all the courag and it wa inde a veri reward experi . I final saw the two of you togeth . I am just use to friend tell me that they saw joel with her new gf , blah , blah , while i listen and smile . the three of us were there and so were the rest of our the edsoc , but , i have to disagre about the secret hate . : ) it wa just awkward . i actual felt so reliev after see the perform end well and i wa so readi to go home ! i did n't bother to wait for joel 's perform so as to give the two of you to get to know the rest of the group . i found out , a few month after , that joel wa n't abl to perform . the vp apolog for it in one of her email . i felt bad about it ( i even lost interest in extend my support with our org ; nobodi should do anyth like that with a fellow alumni ) . know joel , i could alreadi guess how he react on it , but i hope i wa wrong . with the rest of our common friend in edsoc , ( they were n't around dure the concert ) it took me almost a year befor i show up with the group -- not even with gigi , my closest friend in the group . rememb , dure our last talk over the phone ? you even advis me to meet them . but i want them not to see a devast may , so it realli took a long while . it onli start when gigi and i accident bump into each other in philcoa , octob 2002 , ( oh yeah , that place for me is realli someth ! ) and we had the opportun to talk to each other . that wa also the onli time when i wa inform about the exist of anoth edsoc yahoogroup with a select set of member . joel wa among them . dure that time , joel made a fuss about the issu on friendship and backbit through the internet . he 's alway been anti-backbit but how he treat the situat that time realli piss off the rest of our friend . it wa about whether to let the other member join the group or not ( it 's edsoc anyway ) . it wa a veri long argument with both side have a point and nobodi want to compromis . joel wa `` dismiss '' in the said group and that 's how their `` anger '' toward him start . it 's not about our break-up becaus they did n't want to take side . but that wa also the time when i show up . the group went out to celebr celani 's bday , and they were suppos to discuss joel 's content . unfortun , it all narrow down to my account of what happen between us . that wa the time when i wa obssess about satin and my theori of who did what . i must say that it wa veri therapeut on my part . they prais me for keep thing to myself for a long time . that 's becaus , i told them , i want joel to have the opportun to reach out to hi friend without my stori becaus i did n't want to creat the bia with how they see thing . they did n't judg joel for hi decis , i am awar that they respect it . but they just ca n't help but to show support on my part , until the time i told them what happen . after i share everyth to them , i ask them to wait for joel 's side . reconcili still ha to happen , soon , i hope . thing will get better esp when joel ha final open hi heart and realiz how much hi friend miss him , too . maboteng i mean mahabang usapan un pag nagkataon . gigi find you nice and accommod but she admit to me that her loyalti would be best shown by be on my side . thank for understand . By the way , in case joel doe n't know yet , gigi and j are plan to get marri in 2006 . ye , they plan to invit both of you , but they have to look at me for approv . ano ba yun , sabi ko parang ang laki ng karapatan kong humadlang sa pagpunta niyo ni joel dun . anyway , if in case that happen , ikaw na mismo magpilit kay joel , pleas . jfab ha been hi best buddi ever . It 's veri rare for joel to keep friend . it 's also difficult to win joel 's trust and confid and I am happi that J ha been so loyal with joel as gigi is to me . To be honest , I never gave them the slightest idea to hate ani of you . I even told them that satin , for all i know , must be my alter ego , and i must have been lose my mind all thi time . ( that , includ me , made them laugh ) it becam a run joke everi time we had the chanc to wonder how joel is do . joel is realli a littl boy ( which remind me of nanay ) . thank you for take good care of him as well . He deserv everyth that you 've been give him . and ye , the weird sens of humor you are talk about is veri evid with what we are into right now . thi is so far god 's weirdest answer to my prayer . thank for the nice movi line . I guess I have to watch the movi to appreci it even more . My heart is smile right now and i want you to know it . : ) , may p. . grabe na ito . the saga goe on with those prankster ! Di bale , just think of it as an experi that bring you closer to joel . marami lang talaga sigurong admir si joel . with what you 're experienc , I admir your patienc and spunk in deal with these stuff . I do hope that they would stop bug you alreadi . kung sino man yang mga yan , may they rest in peac . 
