We discuss dystopian vision ( and utopian one , but less so ) in cs201 today and it remind me of someth I 've been struck by . ( thi in no way impli that other have n't been struck by thi or that it is origin . but it 's new to me . : ) ) I have an impress that the fantasi of scienc fiction often predict technolog that are actual develop , and I do n't think thi is becaus the nostradamus-lik qualiti of the author . one , doe such a link actual exist ? * the `` good old fashion '' AI program -- focus on make comput that can complet interact with human but be more perfect inform processor -- seem to have preceed by sci-fi fantasi like metropoli ( or realli , just the veri natural-seem idea that we 'd want perfect slave ) * cyberspac ( but I have n't actual read neuromanc yet , so I might be blow hot air ) * ? but whi might such a link exist ? It doe n't make intuit sens to me that technologist would read about dystopia and decid to bring it about in a megalomaniac urg to interven . more like it seem that scienc fiction 's predict would becom decontextu as the idea travel through literatur and social network , strip the technolog imagin from the dystopian context iin which they were first imagin . Or , perhap there is n't decontextu , but just an optim that 1 ) it 's just a littl devic or 2 ) we can alway choos whether we want to follow the next step technolog make avail to us . ani thought on the natur of interconnect between literatur and the technolog imagin ? 
If you guy have ani idea , I would love to hear ani suggest on my classart 280 project : So as you may or may not know , I am an electronica DJ at kzsu , and more gener a complet music nut . In put togeth setlist , it is alway difficult to limit yourself to the 10 or so track . for exampl , say I decid to start a downtempo electronica set with fila brazillia 's `` A zed and two L 's . '' In think of what to transit to , I immedi can think of 20+ song that I would love to play . each transit would convey a slightli differ experi , and lead the set in a uniqu direct . and yet , ultim you can onli choos one next song . you are forc to ignor the other possibl . speak from experi , that linear is pretti goddamn frustrat . So my idea is thi : whi not use a mud/adventur game interfac ( think adventur , zork , etc ) and let a `` listen '' walk around a virtual world . each area or `` room '' would have a song associ with it , play in the background . that way , you could walk around and travers the DJ set yourself - in non linear fashion . for exampl , mayb you start off in a hous . If you go outsid into the street , mayb the set becom a jazz mix . but mayb if you walk upstair instead , the mix turn into spooki ambient electronica . As you can see , the other effect of the virtual world is that you could associ the descript with the music . music is , in my experi , the most `` nostalg '' art , in that piec of music have such strong tie to total random piec of our memori . A song could remind you of a person , a color , a place , a time , a mood , etc . So the idea would be to play off that with the textual descript . some friend and I have maintain a group music blog off and on , and I think we 've all share the experi where , in analyz or talk about a song , it can be veri difficult to directli describ a song . At least in my experi , sometim it 's a lot easier to conjur up environ or mood that the song bring to mind . for instanc , `` thi song realli remind me of a dark , bumpi train ride . '' So that 's the idea of the `` music text adventur '' I 'm envis . music analysi through abstract experienti in a virtual world . In brainstorm the program , I can think of two major problem . first , it seem as if there would be a temptat to walk ( or otherwis abstractli progress ) through the world veri fast , to the point where you would onli be hear 30 second of each song . If the user ha control over the movement , how can you get them to listen to the full song ? obvious , you can have entir group of area and/or room share the same background song , but I still do n't think that would entir solv the problem . second , you would n't want the whole experi to feel too texti , becaus it 's hard to read long , elabor text and listen close to music at the same time . the solut I 'm think about right now is to keep each room/area descript short , and make the text more interact . for exampl , allow a `` look at '' command , and give object in each room their own descript for the user to access themselv . also , you could code in time event that pop up as the user stand in a room . for exampl , suppos you were on a street corner . everi few second you could load up a random messag `` A car speed by '' or `` A dark figur walk into the apart across the street . '' It seem like such event would add to the immers `` experienti '' of the whole thing . ideal , it seem like thi could even be a fun group tool . perhap you could provid a web interfac for peopl to add their own room , descript , event , and mp3 . that way , you could explor music linkag in a more social , commun way . I could even see thi becom a simultan mud situat , where peopl congreg in differ room and discuss ( or even roleplay ? ! ) about the music . I actual wrote the program alreadi in java , and it work on my PC . but there is a huge issu about find open sourc java class that play mp3 , sinc it a proprietari format . when I get it cross platform , I am go to java webstart the program in my webspac . well , sorri that wa so long . I figur it would be fun to share , sinc most of my other friend look at me like I 'm insan when I tell them about thi . feel free to trash the idea , or suggest alterations/augment . - doug 
So I had a frustrat experi with a friend thi week . thi build off my last post . noth too deep , just some thought I have been struggl with : On aol instant messeng , I tend to leav pretti zani away messag . As I see it , have a profil and an away messag up most of everi day is a conveni , power way to commun with friend . I know a lot of peopl leav messag like `` At class '' or `` I 'm not at the comput right now '' but I 've alway felt compel to take advantag of that veri visibl digit real estat ( I know all my friend are check my away messag ) . anyway , so tuesday night I had a veri elabor and long analysi of a bootleg mogwai song that I had just download . the song had realli blown me away on monday night , and that experi wa the most immedi thing I want to commun to my friend that day . but a friend later critic the messag as `` overblown '' and state that all away messag should be less than two line . So here is the question : clearli , most peopl treat aim as a basic commun medium , but that 's about it . Is it foolish to hope that peopl would engag the medium more creativ ? If we 're all check away messagess anyway , it just seem like a wast to not take advantag of that littl text bubbl to say someth enag . Or , as my friend might argu , is it cheesi to tri to convey ani color , more person inform passiv in an away messag ? I think he would argu that anyth interest worth say should be said directli to a person in a one-on-on convers . just some thought ... 
I just watch a lectur that just happen at columbia 's digit media center given by electron art hacktivist ricardo dominguez . I think it 's actual pretti brilliant and thought you might want to see it . you can view the real stream at urllink dmc lectur seri . the other lectur also look pretti cool ... I 've met mari flanagan befor , and she also doe awesom stuff ... = ) casey 
yeah , I like the idea of a collect blog more than an individu one . the media guru scott bukatman onc deftli captur the masturbatori qualiti of individu blog with hi retool zen koan : `` what is the sound of one man blog ? '' I also think that collabor , real-tim author will also have a huge impact on the histori of knowledg production/publish . alreadi the scienc are abandon the monopolist polit and econom of independ publish and take control of their own publish via the urllink public librari of scienc . the scientist final realiz that they do all the refere and peer-review anyway , so whi should they pay thousand of dollar a year to subscrib to the journal for which they themselv provid the sole legitimaci ? As much as I 'm a complet design junki , whi should the publish make fat incom and control the right to the articl just becaus they packag it nice ? regard the name , though I love the allus to futurefarm ( and might even be abl to get some of them to join the blog if you want ) , I think we should tweak the name a bit ... not that I have ani better idea ... I also have some cool new idea that I 'm think of develop and might post for you all to give feedback on ... = ) casey 
doug make a use point that there is a model of blog veri attach to the idea of person ident and more democrat access to the power of the get the messag out . thi is the model that lead to blog as either seriou publish outlet for op- sort of piec or for journal at a distanc that convey a sometim mistaken sens of anonym . but it seem to me that when you look at the print publish world , you see newspap like the nation , the new york time , or 'zine -- and these are almost alway the product of a group of peopl work around a common theme . I 'd argu that group blog is the way of the futur . you might argu that the group natur of tradit print media is a function of it econom . distribut ha margin cost greater than zero . howev , publish in group also provid valid of what you do publish , sinc more than a lone ranter is stand behind it . there is also someth differ about who ha been blog and who will join ( if they do ) . later adopt differ kind of peopl than the technolog earli adopt `` visionari '' type who pride themselv on their expertis and forward-looking . most peopl do n't feel like they have someth so uniqu import to say that peopl will care enough to read about them and just about them . thi is vagu base on the same reason put forth by geoff moor in `` cross the chasm , '' but for a busi book it actual make sens . ; ) there are enough peopl who do that blog in it current `` person publish '' form that it ha becom a fairli widespread phenomenon , but I think commun organ -- and the support and valid it provid -- is far more like than soapbox or publish your person diari . 
In respons to thi `` cyberspac equival of uncomfort silenc '' : thi is someth that ha also been bug me a lot over the last year . and it 's whi I got rid of my person blog ( at least in the tradit written format ) and whi my group music blog ha sputter out . first , hardli anyon ( in my experi ) ever post to their person blog with regular , or at least with a regular of meaning depth . thi alway bug me about other peopl 's blog , but especi about my own person blog . you get all these random look into a person 's life , but post are usual onli written when someon is euphor or depress , or when someon is extrem bore . As someon who is veri concern about express himself fulli , it seem gnaw that your digit represent would be so fractur and incomplet . and all thi becaus veri few of us take the time to maintain an adequ repres blog . Is it reason to demand that we all take the medium more serious ? I do n't know . I often tri to forc myself , but as stanford student ( and more gener , peopl of the modern world ) we 're all so busi . but it seem problemat that the medium of blog - at least person blog - is treat and view as a mere divers , or a method of procrastin . As for the lack of comment in blog , I think it 's becaus peopl like to remain anonym when they read blog ( mayb that 's pain obviou ) . It 's weird - I know we read the blog of peopl we hardli even know or even peopl we have fallen out of touch with . even when those blog are deepli person . and nobodi admit it . It 's thi weird spi method of person contact . peopl wo n't comment about seriou issu not onli becaus peopl do n't view blog serious , but more becaus peopl do n't want to admit that they read other blog serious and compelt . It seem like few peopl feel like blog are a respect medium for seriou discuss . obvious , more academ of topic orient blog suffer less from these problem becaus there is n't that `` person journal '' stigma attach . howev , I think we all know even non-person blog fail more often than they succeed . As lilli suggest , I think a good solut is a group blog ( at least until peopl start engag with blog more serious ... if that ever happen ) . first , peopl can fill in the gap when other are too busi to post . second , if everyon is dedic to comment and activ interact , other peopl 's post are a fertil sourc of ideas/new to write about . I think the key is to get the ball roll . thu , the purpos of thi overli long post . wow , how weirdli self-referenti is thi post . 
In tri to name thi blog , doug and I amus ourselv at our play on the art collect urllink futur farmer . when we 're better slept , it 'll probabl be less funni and we 'll chang it to someth els . I pitch thi to doug as i 'm think virtual , new media , interfac design , embodi , video game , film genr , technic develop relev to ... whatev whi here ? becaus whenev I post thi stuff to my urllink livejourn , I feel the cyberspac equival of uncomfort silenc . ; ) thi will be a place for us and whoever els to discuss idea about the futur ident , thought , and express . 
urllink there , inc . deliv a brave new onlin world to consum : - `` women rule : women continu to be an underserv audienc for onlin game despit women outnumb men on the web and spend more money onlin than men . there appeal to women ; dure beta they return more often than men and were more often leader of the commun . '' [ I wonder if there wa a select effect for the kind of women they recruit to be beta tester . for exampl , they recruit me becaus they found me as the leader of the women in CS group at stanford . otherwis , thi bullet is obvious tri to impli that women gravit toward commun base approach to engag technolog . remind me a littl of brenda laurel type idea , though I do n't realli know her idea well enough to realli say that . ] 
gender associ and social softwar I recent saw a comment on myth about blog , one of which said someth to the effect of : `` blog is onli done by teenag girl '' At first I thought to myself `` what make that myth neg ? '' then realiz that teenag girl are a symbol for insipid in our cultur . then I counterargu with myself , note that I 'm just as disparag , if not moreso , about teenag boy and their video game . So mayb it 's not so much someth about one gender 's adolesc be malign over anoth 's , but I think there is someth to the fact that the technolog that embodi these stereotyp malign behavior might *not* be evenli disparag . there 's a lot more fervor behind the develop of video game and the compon technolog and algorithm that propel their progress than there seem to be around blog and commun softwar . mayb there 's just not as mani obviou place to take `` social softwar '' -- but somehow , I find it hard to believ . I realiz there are bunch of counter to thi muse becaus it is just that -- observ inform muse . but it is root in someth . 
object orient program vs imper program relat vs mechan command orient realli gender polar ? `` relat '' fit certain stereotyp of femal be nurtur , relation-ori . that 's not necessarili a bad thing . what I want to know is whether there is a observ differ between women 's ( and men 's ) respons to/perform on task center around relat paradigm vs mechan one ( whatev that mean ) . thi is n't veri flesh out becaus I 'm sit in a seminar right now , jot thi down befor I forget . 
kanter 's theori about token in the workplac are primarili direct at explain how women are view as the gender ratio vari . what are find that examin who women may present themselv differ as their composit of the social group chang ? the thing that made me think of thi is that it 's not onli true that women as a distinct group are most visibl around that 15 % marker ( accord to kanter , anyway ... psycholog of contrast ) , but it 's also true that my self-awar as a woman ( cu of gender ) vari with the composit of my companion . the kind of relationship sure alter the cocktail as well -- work relat vs friendship , for exampl . So ... hmm ... how to more concret . doe the black of a black dot in a field of red dot come to attent more than the black of a black dot in a field compos of 30 % black dot and 70 % red dot ? I would guess ye . what if instead of 70 % red dot the 70 % dot of a random distribut of like ... ( m/10 ) + color ( where m= # of dot ) ? In that case , I would wonder if the black dot might have a sens of group as the largest minor , despit the minor statu . that seem more obviou now that I 've flesh it out in those term . To refram the first scenario a bit , doe the black of a black dot come to attent more when 99 % of the dot are black ? certainli the black probabl get frame as `` normal '' as oppos to aberr , but still , gender is cu . So in the real world , how doe the cue of gender vari as the gender ratio swing from one extrem to the other ( male satur to femal satur ) . I wonder if there would be interest similar sinc the same notion of gender get cu by the extrem natur of both situat . sorta relat to the vaccuum thread , but onli tangenti , it doe seem the demograph should influenc design and creativ not necessarili becaus of social encourag knowledg and concern ( though certainli possibl , harder to predict ? ) but also through just cue a differ rang of concept . mayb the thing to creativ is n't so much gender equiti as just varianc along all dimens . In fact , that 's a lot more it , I think . and onc `` pale and male '' is no longer the norm , then will pale and male becom the aberr that may gener our `` unconvent creativ '' ? blah . confus self . but I feel like thi is an interest quagmir to me . bob sutton 's book `` weird idea that work '' is a biz press sort of book that actual seem pretti ground in research as these thing go , and that research probabl should drill into these issu if it doe n't alreadi . 
I appreci the attent to thi topic . the fundament question of whether demograph affect design interest me a great deal . but the artlcl and argument is also pretti simplist and give me the heebi jeebi . urllink stuff : infotech - stori : new zealand 's lead news and inform websit : `` 'there 's a lack of understand from men in what women do . for exampl , the robot vacuum cleaner is round , and all women will know that wo n't get the dust out of corner . ' `` [ me - anyon who ha vacuum should realiz that , I suppos . I do n't think the squar edg get stuff out of corner either , actual . ] `` mani think the industri is full of comput geek write virus and caus havoc . but unlik other industri , where you have to compli with an imag , in technolog you 'll be abl to find your nich . '' [ me - I think it 's total wrong that sociolog find go out the window in tech cultur . I do n't think it doe a servic to anyon to lie . If you 're resort to that , then you should take a second look and figur out what the compel reason to get involv actual are . ] 
urllink welcom to womensmedia.com - the site for work women survey of recent inform about digit divid with respect to gender . have n't had a chanc to review it yet . 
urllink phonograph maker : jean-luc fradet : `` acoust reproduct system were so limit in the higher and lower end of the spectrum that they could not even reproduc a femal voic correctli - not to mention piano music . '' I 'm troll around for phonographi histori base on an uncit comment in `` rock out '' by garofolo state that there have been claim that femal voic were not well reproduc on earli phonograph . He dispos of thi theori for the lack of women 's promin in earli record , comment that if that were true , then how would they have made picolo record ? 
prop for the name `` femmebot '' go to ann balsamo , author of technolog of the gender bodi : read cyborg women . 
got my paper on self-confid and gender in cs107 at stanford ( distil from my thesi ) accept to sigcs ( acm symposium for comput scienc educ ) today ! ! 
I went to a talk at the stanford human center tonight by urllink ann fausto-sterl call `` the bare bone of sex . '' If I have her right ( and I did nod off for about 10 minut : -/ becaus I 'd been at school for 10 hour at that point ) , she advoc for a move away from the standard paradigm of nature/nurtur - sex/gend , at least in biolog , where sex is bleed out to encompass all manner of differ . By thi , I think she mean to take on sociobiologist who use a static notion of sex as a program that is set at birth and play out in the world . instead , she call for an understand of biolog question ( she use osteoporosi as her main exampl ) through an analysi of a system of interconnect subsystem that feedback into each other through someon 's life . sex , gender , and cultur are the context in which thi system oper , along with race , class , and mani other factor . but the systems-approach , as a model , frame question in term of understand of how mani variabl interact to affect the result phenomenon . thi is in opposit to the tradit multi-vari analysi method that lead to a prolifer of `` knowledg '' about risk factor ( basic correl ) but do n't get to the core of how the system work . she said that medic femin now is where academ femin wa 30 year ago . By thi , I took her to mean that academ femin is come around to acknowledg that gender is onli one of mani cultur ident taken on by an individu and it may not even be the most import one . furthermor , the import of ident vari over time . but medic femin still veri much look for sex differ in patholog without account for the complex of factor that might instead explain the sex differ found in the popul studi . As an exampl , she describ some differ between white men and women in incid of bone fractur . these differ , howev , did not exist between african-american men and women , suggest that other systemat factor may have been at work . In long , I thought her talk wa interest . her take on understand system is actual veri natur to me , partial come out of an engin background and partial in my lean toward qualit research to explic system and quantit research to give a realiti check and test ground for result model . I should read more . 
I found thi articl and thought it wa realli interest : http : //www.twincities.com/mld/pioneerpress/7507887.htm It discus women leav their corpor career in their 40 or so . It touch on divers in the workforc , corpor polit , and entrepreneurship . the women discuss in the articl are in their 40 and 50 , but I know that femal engin friend of mine approach graduat seem to have these sort of stori as well . one friend is leav biomechan engin after graduat ( at least for a while ) to pursu her passion for educ . anoth want to pursu econom develop -- whether it put her CS major to work or not . but I know men who go through thi too , though they are also less than a hand . I wonder if there are studi that actual have look at thi in a systemat manner . thi articl is all gender , littl technolog . : ) 
90 % of stress research ha been done on men so far . turn out that urllink men and women are n't necessarili the same in their respons . 
urllink research - gender and divers issu - interest stuff about how divers affect workgroup perform , predict factor for how hospit startup are to women , etc 
I 'm explor the stori of the discoveri of dna . watson , crick , and wilkin receiv the nobel prize for it , though rosalind franklin ( urllink a bio ) wa also respons for it discoveri . she had die of ovarian cancer a few year befor the prize wa award and the prize is not award post-hum . appar there is some controversi about the term in which the stori of dna 's discoveri ha been told . one account is `` the doubl helix , '' respond to by ann sayr ( urllink rosalind franklin and dna -- admittedli an unorigin titl ) that describ the sex discrimin franklin face in her lifetim . interest stori . I want to learn more about it . I first start explor it becaus I wa interest in the role of experimentalist as agent of scientif chang in the histori and philosophi of scienc . 
I should have found thi and includ it in my thesi . `` research work in thi area have argu that much of the earli work concern with human-comput interact fail to develop a critic assess of the technolog that would lead research to studi the way that social context , power relat and social bia may affect the actual system that are creat . To counter these difficulti , suchman and jordan [ 16 ] stress the import of demystifi technolog and legitim women 's knowledg in the system develop process . they argu that thi will requir a dramat shift in how we view the knowledg and skill that go into system develop . such a shift must incorpor a sophist understand of the social world into the system develop process . '' [ [ fail to develop a critic assess of the technolog that would lead research to studi the way that social context , power relat and social bia may affect the actual system that are creat ] ] - thi is exactli the question I 'm interest in ! 
found thi book on stanford 's lane read room digit human shelf : lb1028.43 b64 2000 david bolt and ray crawford , `` digit divid '' It ha a chapter titl `` the gender gap . '' It discuss the case of fulmor middl school in austin , which ha grant from bill gate to pursu a number of technolog and educ initi . specif , it rais the question of how girl and boy tend to approach comput in the classroom , touch on scarciti of technolog resourc and girl ' withdraw and subsequ reduc access to comput . the chapter also touch on increas effort ( though still too few in number ) to creat technolog domain ( game , site like chickclick.com , after school tech program ) that are empow , safe space for girl to learn . part of thi effort is the `` girl '' softwar market . the chapter profil nanci S. martin ( director at mattel media-softwar for girl , a divis of mattel toy compani ) . her divis ha put out `` barbi fashion design '' which sold more than 500k copi in it first two month on the market . the success wa also met with critic ( that I myself would and have lodg ) that the softwar support exist stereotyp and implicitli label other , more challeng softwar product as `` for boy . '' mattel also bought brenda laurel 's purpl moon softwar in 1999 . A compani call girl game ( austin , TX ; presid laura gropp ) ha creat titl such as `` let 's talk about Me . '' I do n't have time to do analysi on thi right now . all in all , I did n't realli learn anyth new from the chapter but at least it gave me a whole bunch of name of peopl for my `` barbi project '' ( as discuss with fred turner , do a research project on the design process and how gender stereotyp get encod in softwar ; it actual seem fairli obviou phrase that way , but I bet there would be some interest fodder to chew on onc I got deep into the research process ) . 
warren sack wa total awesom tonight and got into new media and scienc studi as a comp sci undergrad becaus he got interest in feminist theori . So uncommon ! So like me ! hope I 'll get to finish an actual convers with him at some point . when I get time , I want to finish hi urllink articl on the stori of AI and aesthet . but tonight , must work on thing that peopl will actual ask me about soon . 
girl in the game world : urllink http : //games.slashdot.org/games/04/02/23/1650258.shtml 
ann balsamo - onomi lab - x-periment in the futur of read -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - use to be part of xerox parc 's research in document xfr charter new media genr - `` genr are way in which inform design get codifi over time and over distanc '' ; consist of author tool , design lang , materi form , social arrang genr - a set of convent for mean construct new document form - emerg tech ; xerox 's core technolog , inform design of new media ( convent and requir of new media technolog , paper convent ( i.e . pdf ) not suitabl for gener web consumpt ( there is a nielsen alertbox about thi ) ) ; archiving/exchange/documentation/encod innov research method - design experi , not product ; specul design ( market do n't necessarili exist , product we do n't yet need or imagin that we want ) ; work in studio cultur ; high-vis , high-risk project museum as genr xfr get readi to hit the tech museum ! what is cultur mean of museum ? - turn of centuri : collect of artifact - 1960 scienc center : hands-on demonstr - 1980 : focu on participatori interact exhibit ; exploratorium the intend recipi : exampl of appli genr research/design - visitor - term of museum intend recipi ; differ from user ( expect of repeat use ) , audienc ( expect of non-particip ) - visitor expect - prefer mode of engag : have it be realli simpl for someon to learn thing ; `` big brass knob '' tradit of scienc museum exhibit : that there is basic one variabl you can tweak in a predigest experi . differ from , say , art event where what you get out of it is larg depend on what you put into it - attent span : success failur mean ppl get realli into exhibit , big line form , everyon goe away , and stuff doe n't get seen ; if person ca n't get into experi veri quickli , they can veri easili just walk away - access : colorblind , able-bodi , small children , other languag , ppl in wheelchair part of the exhibit wa a book artist 's studio where a book artist wa work all the time . aim to ground futur of read in the practic of document product today . who are the peopl behind document ? what do the experi look like ? honor tradit of paper base book . Do n't complet abandon them . At the time , peopl were all up-in-arm about pda . but scott point out that even if these technolog are success , they do n't complet replac the old . So do n't get caught up in ooh the pda . where will tech take the narr ? 
backlash against nielsen : http : //www.usabilitynews.com/news/article603.asp backlash against everyth : http : //www.usabilitymustdie.com/ these reson with me becaus of the thought that led to me write my urllink human and hci mini-manifesta 
some design principl of comput scienc learn experi design fill these in with case of how thi ha happen in differ sort of context , pay attent to ani possibl subt particular about the context that made the describ practic success in support the design principl . * student should be abl to frequent and accur assess their perform in relat to the class . - therefor give hour estim for how long a program take is n't success as it doe n't account for the perceptu flexibl of time ; what are you go to do -- journal your hour ? - what are strategi for mediat attribut differ in men and women ? * student should be abl to validli assess their perform in relat to their peer . * student should feel safe particip in cours activ , both emot and physic . ( i.e . a lab can be a great place , but mayb not for a campu where you need to walk and there are mug right and left ) * curricula should support vari style of learn . - i.e . listen , reader , talker * curricula should support vari style of conceptu and solv problem . ( thi doe not impli `` write sloppi code is okay . '' solut will be subject to the same standard and model to the same test of robust . ) more more more ! we need more ! these are but paltri exampl 
concret sigcs women in CS thing that I will follow up on : - univ of colorado group work on women in CS question - sigcs committe on expand the commun of women in comput scienc - these teacher realli need tool for cultur and classroom evalu , probabl more than all but the most gener direct -- design principl coupl with tool to understand if their current classroom meet those need My talk @ sigcs : - cohes thought that came out of it for me wa that the problem is realli thi disconnect in gender commun style and pedagog choic should abid by the design principl that a cours should afford opportun for student to see how their peer *really* work , rather than give an open space for them to talk about it - I realli should talk about the whole studi at some point , sinc 106a realli frame it , mayb submit other chunk of paper ( the fem stud journal submiss ) to - learn to talk slower : P product design comput scienc with the goal of make it equit , inclus , and vibrant : - how do you caus a frame shift ? - broken window principl , tip point strategi for who to get in the boat , etc - just becaus a workaround is there doe n't mean that there is n't a problem panel on ethic @ sigcs : from convers with flo appel - feminist ethic , social ethic , intellectu properti ethic ethic cours speaker teach use 5 onlin discuss , 2 face to face discuss , grade basi ? - sometim outsid expert help ( get them in a dialogu with student rather than lectur format would be realli cool ) - each page ha off-sit link to relat articl , a studi guid , discuss ? s , `` break news '' ( googl news alert ? ) - submiss to peer review `` independ studi topic '' - how doe eric 's present day do thi ? student present to ta or to classmat also ? make ethic interrog is a use skill ( as is give UI critiqu ) 
urllink netwoman : the blog of a sociolog phd candid do interest stuff at univers of toronto . 
cosmet surgeri and the fight against entropi disorgan , asymmetri , degrad , wiener 's death fought against in increasinli iter plastic surgeri ritual -- botox parti in some way , contradictori sinc these physic augment actual desensit ( nippl , lip , etc ) but at the same time succumb to or celebr the pressur of embodi . by exert control over our bodi , we influenc our live experi and even our mind as peopl frequent describ that they feel more confid after plastic surgeri . -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - kate hayl on page 108 use the metaphor of celibaci and erotic to describ intellectu discoveri . thi wa a theme I wa interest in explor with regard to the masculin of scienc as well , though it 's definit seem to be one of those fuzzi metaphor thought where I 'm not sure what the practic real world implic are . I suppos you could argu that thi metaphor we live by would impli certain entail . must read instead of dwell ... 
cosmet surgeri and the fight against entropi disorgan , asymmetri , degrad , wiener 's death fought against in increasinli iter plastic surgeri ritual -- botox parti in some way , contradictori sinc these physic augment actual desensit ( nippl , lip , etc ) but at the same time succumb to or celebr the pressur of embodi . by exert control over our bodi , we influenc our live experi and even our mind as peopl frequent describ that they feel more confid after plastic surgeri . 
krista scott 's gender and technolog comprehens examin urllink note site 
brenda laurel 's urllink rise and fall of purpl moon in signum . femal manag typolog . 
I 'm flip through a 1962 volum titl `` the sociolog of scienc '' that I got at a use bookstor a few month ago . ( I wa tri to recruit use booksel for my design project and felt compel to brows , buy , and get a feel for the place befor spring my request on them -- an expens effort to get 3 seller . ) An articl by margaret mead caught my eye sinc she 's famou for studi samoan , not scientist , and I wa amus by thi quot . mead explain that the imag of scientist is overwhelmingli neg `` when the question becom one of person contact with scienc , as a career choic or involv a choic of a husband . '' the odd are good but the good are odd haha chuckl chuckl they say to those of us in male domin major . mostli , it 's novel to see mead , often describ as a feminist anthropologist , commun the assumpt that the scientist will be male . almost everywher in the 60s-70 scienc studi literatur I 've been look at , you see the actor refer to as `` he '' and I wo n't jump to the conclus that it 's sexist ( though someon want to have a more radic discuss might ) as there are mani who use he as shorthand for he/sh , not like the awkward construct . mayb I should also assum husband is shorthand for husband/wif ? No , not when spous would is shorter than husband . : ) ( cross post to my livejourn ) 
A short urllink present on the topic of gender and notion of skill in hci , with mani refer I would probabl like to look at at some point . If you 're read thi and you 're not me , then welcom ! I 'm sorri thi blog is larg note to myself right now , but shortli will becom far more coher regard the theme spew about . 
recommend book : radic equat math literaci and civil right by robert P. mose and charl E. cobb , Jr . 
from balsamo , technolog of the gender bodi : - `` a polit judgement of ani technolog is difficult to render in the bastract . technolog alway have multipl effect '' ( 146 ) . - `` corpor femin '' is describ by elizabeth grosz as `` an understand of corpor that is compat wtih feminist struggl to undermin patriarch structur and to form self-defin term and represent '' ( 157 ) . not a bad start definit of what feminist metaphor of hci should strive for . grosz refigur `` the bodi so that it move from the peripheri to teh center of analysi , so that it can now be understood as the veri 'stuff ' of subject '' ( 157 ) . 
