you were there wait for me with love lost thorn in your side i wa stuck in wire on the other side of the world you were everyth i want to be you and everyth in between the sad machin the world polic ... 



an instrument track which kind of resembl shape . 


is it black where you are in the crawl space between me urllink star shine black - altern version 
urllink sorrow - altern version 
cement the soul my blood circul like metal underneath the last nail of your skin the loneli leav me hollow swim through the shit of chicago never blink as you melt away face variou shape escap through hole of your smile where everyth mean noth is everyth at all i tri to tri to read you i tri to tri to reach you i tri to tri to read you and there is noth at all i love you more than anyth and it 's kill me insid you 're technicolor ! you 're more mysteri than god 
you live the life of a secret movi star behind your world of glass you live the life of a secret movi star or is it just your past could thi love ever last or am i dream again i could pretend i 'm you secretli danc in front of the mirror and you 're with me and we 're drift and we 're sing and we 're dream 
whi do we alway end up back in loneli or in vermont where the quiet never end christma wa kill me the new year brought you here now you 're gone , mayb forev but your scent still is here alway all over me the stain are on the sheet thi is everyth i did n't need blank sheet of noth come out of my head remind me blank sheet are all i am wa it someth i said am i go out of my head wa it someth i did and still i wait here until i see you again mayb i 'll forget and just pretend you were never here and there is alway a scene like thi and it still make me sick when i do thi to myself note : thi song is for christoph moser 
all i can give to you is all i ca n't an offer of light forgiv a remind of who i wa and who i am not it 's all a blur again now i can rise abov it all befor i have to fall backward upsid down i am in anoth world leav sad on brick wall break the glass of who i wa all i can give to you is all i want an offer of light forgiv the word until now were all i could feel the night ha born it 's presenc now i can rise abov it all befor i have to fall backward upsid down i am in anoth world leav sad on brick wall and break the glass of who i wa 
is it mayhem or bliss out murder or make out with the one formerli known as the star is it glamour or flake out murder or make out you know who you are you 've made a mess of thing will never be the same dress coffin for the one you love you 've made a mess of thing will never be the same dress coffin for the one you ador 


i do n't want to be the man famou for break your heart i do n't want to be that man two year later and i 'm walk backward to catch a glimps of us still count regret on finger and thumb you were the treasur i never found the loss i 'll alway pain i do n't want to be the man who broke you again and again i do n't want to be the man who wake alon at 74 i do n't want to be that ghost i do n't want to be the man who spent hi life on a lie i do n't want to be the man who say i woke the day i die i do n't want to be the man famou for break your heart i do n't want to be that man urllink i woke up - altern version 
i mayb look clean i mayb pristin i 'm so obscen i am dirti ... note : oh how the titl of thi song is so true , i am inde dirti , but you would never know on the surfac . the song itself is a dumb song , it wa record in 1 day with 8 other song . 
i 'd die to fall in love with you across the ocean across the sky so blue turn head throw stone we 're beauti onli stranger when we meet still i fall time and time again still i feel time and time again too much too soon too littl too late i open my eye to stay awak in dream note : thi song wa written and record in pari , franc in my hotel while on vaction in februari 2001 , fall in love in pari with someon in chicago on valentin 's day . thi song wa record 3 time . urllink i fall - altern version # 1 urllink i fall - altern version # 2 
a cover of a great urllink magnet field song from their album 69 love song 
take you in like a freight train not a care in thi world ... 
if i could i would ... urllink honey - altern version 
you danc with a ghost i have a headach you whisper at air i think that you have to much to say while spin in circl and noth to say as you leav me stand will i never be lost without you ... 
written and record with a group of 8 other song on chrisma eve in 2001 . 
anoth smash pumpkin cover of one of their most beauti song . 
fin ( end ) is an instrument track of backward loop acoust distort guitar . 
thi is a cover of the smash pumpkin disarm , thi song mean a lot to me , and is essenti how i becam such a fan . the lyric close resembl my life . a broken boy from a broken home with littl or no hope to go on . 
thi is a cover of my favorit urllink r.e.m . song from their out of time album . written by berri , buck , mill , stipe 

do you curs the day i wa born in your bed in the fall i 'm the blackbird that caw your death the air when you breath your last breath your secret loom like a black cloud i ca n't escap you reign over me you rain over me mother , you bitch am i free ? i will not be your possess blame i will not be your possess blame do you spit at the mirror when you see yourself when you see yourself when you see your selfish wa it worth it the cock of your spanish lover do you feel the love insid do you feel anyth at all is there anyth in there at all ? do you know what you have lost you will never have it again . note : thi song is obvious written for my mother whom i no longer and will probabl never speak to again . it wa later record in 2003 and retitl mother and sorrow . 
dream , alway noth dream , alway noth 
a simpl instrument track , name after the chord it is construct of . 
there is a photograph i took a year ago it remind me of a time when we were so sweet we would laugh we could kiss without breath there wa a time we danc a thousand mile oh how we danc with the best of them would you walk with me my stomach is in my throat again i just want to tell you how much i love you 

note : an instrument track . a jazzi organ number . 
note : there are about 10 version of thi song , 1 with vocal which is terribl , and will never see the light of day . thi is obvious the instrument version . 

note : an instrument song . 1 of a seri of experiment track i am still to thi day work on . they will be the score to a film also in the work under the same name . 
( instrument ) 
note : anoth drew gath origin . enough said . 

( instrument ) 
( instrument ) - a kind of protest song in honor of georg w bush and hi war on weapon of mass destruct . 
note : a realli horribl version of a realli nice song , i do n't even know whi i decid to put it up for you to listen to . 
note : an instrument track with cheerlead . i use to live across from a park where cheerlead would practic their cheer , the weird sound you hear in thi song is the cheerlead squad cheer , but of cours it wa run through process and sped up to make them sound like robot . 
note : i have no idea what the word to thi song are , all i know is it wa record under the influenc of a lot of red wine , and it wa suppos to be what sebastian the cat wa think in hi head while i wa record . i am insan . 
it wa almost the perfect day i watch it fall like sand wash my hand of my fuck up plan and went to sleep to sleep again to wake up to noth at all to open my eye to watch me fall to fall into the me i use to know it wa the longest day i watch the hourglass i have die time and time again and have bled through the wire of the televis to wake up to a headach to wake up so empti and i have watch it all slip away and i will never love again and i will never be the same and i will never love again and i will never be the same urllink perfect day - altern version 
note : thi song is one of those song , where someon write someth stupid after drink too much and then just fuck around with instrument , and then actual take the time to record and wast preciou tape . i also think i wa watch a raisin in the sun while record the keyboard part . lyric by andrew gath . 
thi is the scene where you walk down the street and the world is blow up behind you thi is the scene when you wake up in a dream to wake up to you dream thi is the scene where your eye start to bleed they fall and you can not see thi is n't happen thi is n't love urllink nice dream - altern version 
( instrument ) 
( instrument ) 
( instrument ) 
a cover of pink floyd 's mother , thi wa done pure by accid , onli becaus the vocal effect i wa fool around with sound similar to the one they use i think . 
( see the lyric to appl ) 
urllink light out - part II urllink light out - part iii 
urllink i can feel today - altern version # 1 urllink i can feel today - altern version # 2 
go on get out of town while you still can you may be run all your life but it 's the onli way you know how to live and still you 're tire of everyth turn up the same and pull you down urllink ghost - altern version 
elliott smith ... 
( instrument ) - a nice frenchi folki song with accordian musett , and piano . 
note : nice vocod vox and sad guitar , i do n't rememb the lyric ... 
( instrument ) 

( instrument ) 
i wrote thi book , `` learn to drive '' i 've spent thi life upsid down drink water eat food everyday someth new i am a whore i am a whore just suck the life out of everth i touch until it break just push until it 's fake i want more i wa the blackest of sheep fuck off and around wast skin wast cell i could n't tast the moment i could n't catch my breath but i could tast the flower and empti i could tast the sunshin of life i could tast the flower and there you were delic and new drink water and eat food and do time and do time now urllink car crash - altern version 
you may have british teeth and greasi hair you may have desert skin but i do n't care you may smoke cigarett and swear too much but i love you just the same i 'm not one to fall for vaniti oh your dirti word complet me i love it when we walk the street when they look at you and question me when they look at you and question me is he seriou how could he be but i 'm not one to fall for vaniti oh your dirti word complet me you may have british teeth but i do n't care . 
i am stand still burn a box of beauti thing everyth in flame ! and i am watch myself look for someth i have never had everyth ha chang i stand up just to fall again hold on to someth i will never have and that 's just how it is alway talk to hear myself senseless word and arrog fall forward just watch it end or descend into thi whatev thi is i am run up a hill alway run from myself i need help to stop me from cut the skin look for someth that i onc had forev gone i am stand still burn a box of beauti thing everyth in flame and i am watch myself look for someth i have never had everyth ha chang . note : possibl the most record song of mine , everytim i record a new song i end up re-record thi one for some reason , i think it get me in the mood , and it is probabl one of my favorit song i have written , and probabl the one i get the most compliment on . urllink beauti thing - altern version 
do you curs the day i wa born in your bed in the fall i 'm the blackbird that caw your death the air when you breath your last breath your secret loom like a black cloud i ca n't escap you reign over me you rain over me mother , you bitch am i free ? i will not be your possess blame i will not be your possess blame do you spit at the mirror when you see yourself when you see yourself when you see your selfish wa it worth it the cock of your spanish lover do you feel the love insid do you feel anyth at all is there anyth in there at all ? do you know what you have lost you will never have it again . urllink appl ( instrument ) 
i will run you out of thi town backward upsid down i will take some time take some time take some time for myself you were the void you were dead excus buy your time buy your time with lie beneath your feet lie cold concret your heart and some other piec of youth nobodi will ever know but babi i know , i wa insid of you without you know i wa there underneath your skin and to the left of your heart just like everyth els i will run you out of thi town backward upsid down i will take some time take some time for myself . 
