read 1 timothi 4:12 can there be a better way to start off a webpag for youth than with one of the most power scriptur passag for youth ? ? ? I think not ! : ) paul wa write timothi ( who wa most like a teen ! ) , encourag him to do two main thing : 1 . To not let anyon ( the old folk ) look down on him becaus he wa young , and 2 . To be an exampl to all those around him by the way he talk , the way he live , the way he love , what he believ , and the way he live moral . So doe it sound like a piec of cake to do ? Or doe it sound imposs or crazi ? person , I know that when I wa in high school , I thought that thi wa noth but wish think . becaus how wa I suppos to get the grown-up to look up to me ? ? ? It wa n't recent until it hit me -- part 1 of the vers happen BY live out the second part OF the vers ! By set and exampl in speech , in life , in love , in faith , and in puriti . So let me encourag you to be that exampl that paul call us to be ! you can do it ! peac ... 
test . test . one , two , three . Is thi on ? Ok , I think it is ... . : ) . hola peep ! ! ! To the youth of st. alban 's in waco , my friend , co-work , my famili in beauti virginia , and the random wander -- welcom to the youth advanc , where you can come for daili thought , scriptur vers , prayer request , and more ! here 's anoth way to look at it : come get your daili fuel ! ! ... a chanc for perhap a littl inspir and direct . thi is your friend and brother aaron here ... I hope thi is of servic to ya ' ! It 's my prayer that thi blog is use to the glori of god ! So let 's begin the glimps ... . 
`` holi fire '' holi fire from heaven descend to us we pray let us burn again holi fire from heaven consum our heart today let us burn again ... let us burn again all my peep in the hous rais their hand if they 're familiar with the phrase , `` On fire for god '' ... .ah ye , by the look of it there 's a good number of you who have heard it or use it befor . ( forgiv my imagin ... I 've had some late late , sleep-depriv night watch the biggest sport event in the world ... the world cup babi ! ! ) : ) anyway , it is pretti safe to say that most christian have heard that phrase use . you come home from a camp or retreat where you feel as if god ha spoken to you and you make a commit to him ... that you wont ' let the fire He lit in you die out . Or you 've been on a mission trip and have been so move by wit the power of christ firsthand , that it as if you 've been set ablaz for him . I know I 've use it plenti of time person ... what about you ? contact me and let me know your take on it . In my previou entri , I talk about how easi it is to feel all parch , weak , and in need of nourish from god . jesu talk about and the psalm describ god as a good shepherd who lead hi flock to `` quiet water '' , out of danger , and into `` green pastur '' ( psalm 23 ) . when the prophet elijah wa run for hi life ... he eventu collaps in exhaust and wa on the verg of death , and god came and fed him and nourish him . ( 1 king 19 ) after fast for 40 day and be constantli tempt by the devil , matthew 4 tell us that jesu wa immedi attend to and taken care of by angel . It seem like it when we 're the most weak or dead on the insid that god come to us to nourish us , or in other word , put a spark in us . the thing about a spark or a small flame is that it potenti is unend . howev , it is realli easi to put out while it still small . think about how hard it is to keep a match lit when it is windi or wet ! So when god give us that spark on the insid , it up to us to enabl it to grow ... and not onli enabl it to grow , but to let it spread ! forest fire are , at time , imposs to stop b/c of their furi , strength , and size ... howev , they usual are start by a singl flame or spark that can often be extinguish by a littl water . mani of you will go away to camp or mission trip thi summer and come back chang ... . on fire . If you 're not care , that spark or flame can be put out as soon as you return home ... .but let me encourag you to fan into that flame so that it 'll grow into a beauti and power blaze ! rememb , it need to grow ( through prayer , bibl studi , etc . ) and it need to spread ( to other peopl ) ... that way it will never go out ! final , you do n't have to wait for a camp or mission trip to catch fire ! pray the word of the song at the begin of thi entri : holi fire from heaven descend to us we pray let us burn again holi fire from heaven consum our heart today let us burn again ... let us burn again matthew 7:7-8 , `` ask and it will be given to you ; seek and you will find ; knock and door will be open to you . for everyon who ask receiv ... `` So ask god for it in holi expect ... for hi holi fire from heaven will come and consum your heart today ... .ask him . ask him . 
ever sinc move to texa , I 've learn to realli appreci the valu of a nice cool glass of water ... or even better , bush 's sweet tea ! ! mmmmmmmmmmmm . the heat and dryness around here liter suck the moistur from your mouth so that you quickli get parch , especi if you 're outsid in the sun . that 's just how life is too is n't it . the energi and joy we have often get drain by trial and troubl of life -- hurt friendship , loss of famili , argument , stress , busy- etc . It make us tire , drain , and thirsti for a reviv spirit . person , I 've gone through that a lot late ... the stress of move and pack , exhaust , and miss my famili ha realli taken it toll on me the past few week . but the lord ha led me to the `` quiet water '' of psalm 23 . notic how He not onli lead us to the water to quench our thirst ... but he lead us to quiet water so that we can drink in peac and safeti . : ) such an encourag . thirsti ? I pray that you seek the arm of god so that He can lead you to those water . let me leav you with the word of a song that ha sustain me of late : all who are thirsti all who are weak come to the fountain dip your heart in the stream of life let the pain and the sorrow Be wash away In the wave of hi merci As deep cri out to deep come lord jesu come ... holi spirit come . amen . 
whenev I 'm read the bibl , my number one most favorit thing to do is to imagin . I know , I know ... sound kinda ' weird , or nerdi , or just plain dumb . It probabl ha someth to do with the fact that my dad 's an english teacher , so I grew up appreci read and stretch my mind ... .so yea , I guess it doe have someth to do with be a part-tim nerd ! but on the other hand , I think it ha to do mostli with the fact that I 've recent come to realiz and appreci the fact that it god who ha given us our imagin . the same almighti god who flung the star into the sky , roll the earth into exist , and breath life into everi be here took the time to instil in us an imagin . with god , there are no accid . everyth He put into action ha a purpos ! So if He 's given it to us , I think you would agre it pretti clear what we 're to do with it ... .use IT ! ! : ) So like I said earlier , I like to use my imagin whenev I 'm read stori in the bibl ... and I encourag you to do the same ! tri to look deeper into it than what the scriptur provid . let me give you one such exampl : I wa read luke 5:17-26 today ... go ahead and read it . I 'll wait for ya ' . done ? Ok , good . As you know from read it , it the stori about jesu heal the paralyt man who wa lower through the roof of the hous jesu happen to be preach in . imagin it if you will ... the hous wa so jam-pack that they could n't even squeez through a window , much less the front door ! ! think about the paralyt man 's 3 or 4 buddi who were carri him ... .they may have been carri him all day just to get to the same town jesu wa in . and when they final get there , they ca n't even get to him b/c there 's so mani stinkin ' peopl ! they probabl tri squeez him in there through everi possibl open in the hous too . So now they 're sittin outsid the hous scratch their head . I bet they were probabl even a littl tick . would n't you be ? ? I know I would have been . carri my friend in the dryness and heat all day to see if thi jesu fella ' could actual make the lame walk ... .and then get there to discov that they ca n't even get into the same build ! yea , I definit woulda ' been talk some major junk ! but let 's take a differ rout : imagin be the poor paralyz chap . imagin wake up that morn after not be abl to even lift your leg or arm your whole life and think ... '' mayb today 's the day ! mayb I get to hug my wife today ! mayb I get to run back to my hous ! `` you get to where jesu is suppos to be and it realli crowd . In fact , you ca n't even see him ! and then you see your friend ' tire , red face and you know that someth 's wrong . they 're not tell you what 's go on , but you can tell they 're frustrat . they put you on the ground and walk away for a bit ... you 're tri to figur out what in the world is go on ! some time pass and then they all of a sudden come run back to you ! they 're pretti excit and are breath heavi ... and befor you know it , they 're carri you up a ladder onto a roof ! and , well ... I 'll let you use your imagin to come up with the rest . : ) let me just encourag you to think about what wa go through that paralyz man 's head . one word keep pop into my head : mayb . mayb is a great word ... b/c when it is be use , it mean someon is use their imagin . when you say `` mayb '' , you 're think about what could be . that paralyz fella ' probabl had that word runnin through hi mind over and over . Do you long for someth better ? Do you have a dream that you 've thought will never happen ? well let me fill you in on a littl secret : the paralyz guy in luke 4 probabl dream of walk again everi day ... but like figur it 'd never happen . philippian 4:13 tell us all thing are possibl through christ jesu . So today , tri say to yourself `` mayb ... `` I know it sound a littl far-fetch or just plain weird . but probabl not as much as the idea of the paralyz man be abl to carri hi mat home that night . `` deeper '' I want to be weaker Be a help to the strong I want to run faster but thi old leg wo n't carri me I want to be , I want to be . mayb I could run mayb I could fli , to you . 
hey guy ! real quick ... thank to my good friend and brother , daryl ( www.okiboy.blogspot.com ) , I 've now got a comment page for you guy ! ! ! underneath each entri I make , there will be a `` comment '' link for you to put thought , question , suggest , etc . It also work as a guestbook and you guy can commun to each other as well ! just click on it and follow the direct ! ( and do n't forget to read yesterday 's entri ! : ) bless ... aaron 
you know what ... I 'm gon na ' be total up front with ya ' -- I 'm not sure how I even get myself out of my hammock in the morn ... .for two reason basic : 1 . I 'm usual so wrap and tangl up in it like a big 'ole spider web that it take quit a bit of maneuv and plan just to get one foot on the ground ! and 2 . I let myself get wrap and tangl up in a differ type of web -- guilt . I let frustrat and despair from past sin and shortcom get to me so that I wast valuabl time mope around the hous or offic ... just ask my friend and cowork , they notic it ! : ) I find myself live out what paul wrote in hi self-descript in roman 7:7-25 -- `` I know that noth good live in me , that is , my sin natur . for I have the desir to do what is good , but I can not carri it out ... what a wretch man I am ! ! ! who will rescu me from thi bodi of death ? '' thing do n't have to be that way though ... I know I get dirti all the time . I fall down and fall short of the goal ... but guess what , god pick me up , dust me off , and put me on the right path . : ) and if we read the veri next line in that passag ( vers 25 ) , paul seem to shout out in joy -- `` thank be to god-through jesu christ our lord ! '' furthermor , in roman 3:23-24 we 're told `` ... all have sin and fallen short of the glori of god , and are justifi freeli by hi grace through the redempt that came by christ jesu . '' what better news is there ? ? ? one of my favorit song in the movi `` charlott 's web '' is the song charlott sing for wilbur call `` chin Up '' ! I know you know what I 'm talk about ! : ) but it can be such good advic ... ca n't you imagin christ reach hi hand under our chin and tilt it upward to heaven while say to us , `` chin up , child . chin up . '' Or let 's look at it in a differ way -- through the word of a power simpl prais song we can joy sing , `` We fall down ... but we get up ! becaus a saint is just a sinner who fell down , but got up . '' I have the tendenc to either begin or end with favorit song of mine , so in that tradit , let me leav you with one by deliri ? call `` investig '' . It 's a prayer I often offer to god to keep me on that path He want me . I pray it an encourag for you : investig my life and make me clean shine upon the darkest place in me To you my life 's an open book So turn the page and take a look upon the life you 've made alway , my day , I 'll prais investig my life and take me through shine upon the road that lead to you I know you 'd heard the word I 'd say befor I 'd even live one day you knew the life you 'd made alway , my day , I 'll prais peac for the journey ... 
pleas note : thi will be the last publish entri until juli 14 . dure the brief hiatu , pleas lift up the follow youth and sponsor in prayer as we are in tennesse on a mission trip : ben , sean , john , stuart , chri , carlton , aaron , karen , mari , laura , beth , kindel , anna , and atali . thank ! now , continu with youthadv ! ... the most interest thing happen to me yesterday ( juli 4 ) -- I wa walk along the brazo river with some friend and we came upon a turtl . the poor fella ' , figaro ( we 'll call him that ) , wa roll around at the surfac of the water , amongst some log and debri . We all thought that wa rather curiou but continu on down the river until someon point out that figaro wa caught up in someth . upon further review , poor 'ole hapless figaro wa caught on a fish line ! It wa at thi point that the st. franci of assisi came out in me . ( while in colleg , I did an intens project on thi reknown patron saint of the poor and non-human . As a result , a bit of my spirit wa transfigur into that of hi ... so that when situat aris that involv the injuri or death of anim , st. franci come to life within . ) So as everyon stood there fix on figaro and hi deathli dilemma , I felt strang compel to step down into the muck . ( I have a few choic word for st. franci onc we meet in glori , let me just get that off my chest real quick . : ) ) after posit myself in the water and mud and draw figaro closer , I found that a hook wa stuck in hi mouth ! It look pretti bleak as poor figaro would stop move for minut at a time and then slowli show sign of life as he gasp for air at the surfac . It began to look wors as I struggl to free him . with each tug of the line , which wa wrap tightli around sever log and hi leg , figaro would squeal and moan in pain . As my heart reel over thi , I eventu grab figaro and began to work the hook out of hi mouth . continu moan and a bite of my finger were made as the process drag on for minut , which seem like day . As the water around figaro and me turn red from our blood , I final freed dear figaro of the hook that snare him and the string that entangl him ... .onli to see him immedi swim away without a glanc back . what do I have to show for it ? simpli a scar on my finger and a few eyewit . but there 's the sweet feel of know that figaro is still part of the commun of the brazo river . As the hour pass afterward , it quickli becam evid -- figaro and hi mess wa a pictur perfect exampl of what I alway get myself into ... have to have god take me in to hi hand and free me . you readi for the meat ? ? ? ... then let 's go ! ... . As I look back at figaro , I 'm often remind that I tend to get wrap up and caught in sin . and like figaro and the hook , I routin get attract to sin 's outer-co that use curios to draw me in . and onc sin 's hook is plant , it so easi to get wrap and tangl up in it line . paul encourag us in hebrew 12:1 to throw off the sin that so easili entangl us ... . it so import for us to do thi befor we get wrap up in it -- much like figaro wa in the fish line . A second illustr I got from figaro 's fiasco wa that of hi pain and respons to it . In order for me to pull the hook out of hi mouth , I had to caus figaro more pain ... I had to wiggl the hook and , at time , tighten the string around him . To hear figaro squeal in agoni nearli caus me to quit ... but I knew death wa certain if I did not free him , so I continu . even after figaro snap at me and bit my finger , I persist for hi sake . Is n't god the same way ? In order for heal to begin , addit pain sometim ha to be endur . In the stori of the good samaritan ( luke 10:25-37 ) , the wine use to clean the injur man 's wound smart ... .but wa soon sooth by the rub oil . how do we respond in such situat ? final , onc figaro wa releas , he immedi swam to the depth of the water without as much as a look of gratitud . It hurt for me to say thi ... but I see so much of myself in thi instanc . how often ha god heal or rescu me , onli for me to complet blow him off ? nine time out of ten ? it seem certainli possibl ... especi after read luke 17:11-19 . In thi passag , christ heal 10 men of leprosi , onli to have 1 come back to thank him . I wonder what figaro is do right now ... mayb nap ... or snack ... or leisur swim around . but if he 's anyth like me , he 's probabl got himself in anoth mess . I 'm not sure how mani time figaro ha to fall into trap befor he learn hi lesson ... .but I know that I wonder if I 've even learn my lesson yet . have you ? 
well , in just a few day from now , the youth of st. alban 's ( and a few of us old folk ! ) will be work in the beauti roll hill of tennesse . Ah ye , there 's noth better than the cool mountain air on an earli summer morn ! the work ? lovin ' ! ! ! ... simpli tri to be an express of the love god ha shown us . live here in texa ... hill are few and far between . So much so that it is easi to forget the beauti and creativiy of the almighti god . what come to your mind when you think about roll hill and majest mountain ? Do you think about the etern artist who form and mold each cliff and slope ? Or do you think about the anim He breath life into that make their home in the shade of each tree and shrub that thi garden plant ? perhap you think about the potter that took the landscap into hi hand and drew the stream and river with hi fingertip . the band third day had a few thought on it -- so much so that they wrote a song call `` these thousand hill '' , which is inspir by psalm 36 : these thousand hill roll ever on footprint of a mighti god they bring me to my knee in prais amaz love , amaz grace wa on a hill my savior die A broken heart and bleed side hill of the skull , mount calvari the blood He shed , He shed for me when heaven 's hill at last I roam forev settl in my home I 'll join the saint around your throne your kingdom , lord , roll ever on these thousand hill roll ever on rippl of a come storm the morn star preced the dawn these thousand hill roll ever on what a song ! ! ! and complet inspir by scriptur ! but I must admit ... until I saw the lyric , I thought they sang : these thousand hill will never know the footprint of a mighti god He bring me to my knee in prais amaz love , amaz grace . ( yea , yea , yea ... so I wa a littl off ! ) I love the `` real '' version of the song ... but I so much like my misinterpret version as well ! ! for I know that while I 'm in tennesse next week , I 'll be look at the hill around me and think that all these thousand of hill in their beauti , might , and splendor will never know the love of the god who made those footprint ! So let me encourag you -- whether you 're in texa , on the ocean , or work in the appalachian mountain -- to spend some time and allow yourself to soak in hi love . for while He made the huge bulg mountain , the rage sea , and the great roll plain ... He also design each and everi one of us for a purpos . rememb that christ jesu tell us in matthew 17:20-21 that our faith need onli to be the size of a seed in order to move those same mighti mountain that He creat ! So soak up hi love ... .let him nourish that seed of your so that it can sprout , and grow , and bloom ! 
My heart ha plan to serv him . I must leav the next step to him . -- jim elliot leav the next step up to him . that seem to be where I alway slip up . sure , it easi as 1-2-3 to decid to serv him . I rememb all the way back to the veri begin of my relationship with christ . I had alway grown up in the church so I 've alway known christ . but it wa n't until the 11th grade that I decid to quit be stubborn and make christ both my lord and friend . onc I did that , it wa pretti much a no-brain to decid that my life would be spent serv him . It wa no-brain becaus it wa a matter of the heart . the heart is blind to much of the unecessari trash that the mind see and long for -- such as statu , incom , and knowledg . ( We all know what the bibl teach on all three : mark 9:35 tell us just how import statu should be to us . luke 18:25 remind us that those who are rich are gon na ' have a hard time get into the kingdom ! and 1 corinthian 8:1 remind us that seek knowledg can basic make us cocki ... .not exactli a favor trait to have now is it . ) So as a christian , when you open up your heart to the nudg of god , there 's no tell where you may end up ! jim elliot also said `` the will of god is alway bigger than we bargain for . '' that 's definit true ! We can ignor god 's tug or nudg of our heart and use our head to do what the world recommend ... but if we choos to let him lead ... there 's no bound here on earth that can stop us ! So thi take me right back to the begin : it not decid to serv him that is hard ... it the wait for him . the `` leav the next step up to him '' part . and you know what ? I do n't have ani solid answer on how to wait for god 's lead becaus it someth I struggl with daili . for exampl : I came to waco , texa in 2000 to go to seminari and then on to the mission field . well , as most of you know , I stop go to school and now work like crazi . the world is tell me to go back to school where I had a full scholarship , or tri anoth school , or move closer to my famili . and I 've found out that I could do ani one of those ... but my heart is receiv a differ answer ... and it not from the world . god 's place me within a commun at st. alban 's and mission waco that is nurtur me and prepar me for whatev god ha in store for me next . howev , I 'll be honest , there 's some day when I say to myself , `` self , what the heck are you do in waco ? get out and go to the snow and the mountain ! ! move back home to mom and her homemad milkshak ! '' that 's when I find myself have to stop in my track and wait on the lord . psalm 16:11 tell us that god direct our path and fill us with joy while we 're in hi presenc . psalm 46:10 encourag us to `` be still '' and get to know god ... .to acknowledg him ... to go into hi presenc . are you anxiou about someth ? unsur ? need direct ? look for answer ? He make known to us the path to take when we stop run around in circl . Be still and talk to him . 
well , I 'm a few day remov from the st. alban 's eyc mission trip to tennesse , and I still ca n't effect commun what exactli the trip meant . certain word continu pop up -- such as `` incred '' and `` amaz '' -- but I 'm unabl to put intel sentenc togeth ! ani detail account of what happen moment-by-mo dure the trip will be both overwhelm and a bit too much to read and write in one sit . therefor , I 'm go to avoid write of the daili happen . ( If you 're interest in that , pleas feel free to contact me though ! ) instead , over the next few entri , I 'm go to share certain happen and lesson that I took away from the experi . with that , let me open by say that I sure hope thi past week wa n't simpli an experi . It pain and worri me to think that the youth and sponsor will walk away from thi trip think to themselv , `` boy , that wa such a great experi ! `` , or `` I 'm glad I experienc that ! '' An experi come and goe and not much is to be said of it in the long run . A tetanu shot -- now that 's an experi ! you get one and it either not so bad , or it kick your butt ! and you walk away say , `` I hope I do n't have to experi that for a good long while ! '' experi , whether they are good or bad , hit us big at first but becom distant memori later on . So to think that we 'll walk away from the shadow of the appalachian mountain and say , `` what an experi ! I 'm sure glad I got to see that ! `` ... well , it scare me . it my prayer that each member of the team met jesu that week ... and will be freshli and forev chang as a result . for some folk on the trip , it may have been the 100th time to wit christ ... .but for other , it wa their veri first time . and no matter how mani time it happen , each time someon run into jesu , histori is forev chang . let 's look at some exampl : 1 . the apostl paul , who is accredit with lead and start the first church and write most of the new testament , wa onc a persecutor of christian . He wa even at the stone of stephen ! ( act 7:54-8:1 ) but someth happen shortli after he took part in the murder of stephen . paul met jesu . ( act 9 ) it quit incred ... for in the veri passag that paul wa met by christ , it open with meanwhil , paul wa still breath out murder threat against the lord 's discipl . two vers later , the lord knock paul right off hi feet and onto the ground . paul wa speechless and blind ! It goe on to say in vers 20 that after he regain hi strength , he immedi set out to the lord 's work ! thank be to god ! 2 . In john 4 , the samaritan woman encount christ . As she went to the town well to draw water , she came upon christ sit at the well . thi must have been a veri intimid experi b/c not onli wa she a woman ... but a samaritan woman in the midst of a jewish man . furthermor , she had basic share her bed with sever men ... and not even as their wife ! but christ meet her where she is nonetheless , and in vers 28 it tell us she drop the water jug where she is and goe back to share the good new she ha heard . It doesnt ' stop there either ! just read vers 39 ! ! It tell us that mani more samaritan came to know christ as a result of that onc lowli , dirti woman ! paul and the woman at the well were live shame live ... and were head on a collis cours with disast . paul wa respons for the death of mani christian and the woman wa live a life of sexual and moral sin . howev , they both met christ on a path ... and both end up choos differ one as a result . paul shape earli christian for cri outloud ! and the woman chang her citi for christ ! these are just two among a host of testimoni the bibl provid ... just look at peter , mari magdalen , and corneliu ! folk who met jesu were chang ... simpl as that . It wa n't simpli an `` experi '' . paul did n't just have a damascu road experi ... .hi life wa alter ... chang . the woman at the well did n't have an experi w/ christ there . instead she wa given a new life and freedom that she never knew befor . and as a result , she boldli share christ w/ the citi that onc scorn her . So it my prayer that we just did n't experi a good trip to tennesse . I hope christ knock us off our feet like He did paul . perhap He told some us to leav our burden at the well like He did the woman . We 've got work to do ... live to chang . let 's begin with our ! 
My apolog to you guy for anoth extend absenc from blog . My parent visit from virginia thi week ... and be the momma 's boy that I am , I never left their side . : ) from thi point on though , expect regular entri everi other day or so . good graciou ... for the past 3 or 4 week , my life ha been anyth but normal ! I return from the mission trip two week ago from today and housesat for the two week after that . In the middl of all that , my parent made the two-day drive down from virginia . last night wa the first night I 've slept in my own hous sinc juli 5th ! ! ! In the midst of all thi crazi , there 's so much to look back on ... but as I focu on the mission trip itself , I make it a point to rememb each face in the group that went and the express on ann and laymon 's face as we spent time with them while repair their home . there is no doubt texan and tennesseean live were chang that week ... .even a virginian 's life wa forev chang ! : ) yet despit thi , it so easi to forget the week ... forget god 's work on our live . It seem hard , especi when look at the previou journal entri where we look at those who met jesu and were never the same afterward . howev , on the flipsid , there are those who met jesu but were n't catapult into a new life of love and power . just look at juda , one of christ 's own discipl ! furthermor , take a look at the rich young man in mark 10 . these were fella 's who met jesu , talk with him , dine with him , and even follow him but chose path contrari to what christ taught . juda even hand christ over to author to be arrest ! So as we look at the choic we have onc christ is met , look at the exampl in scriptur : 1 . you have folk like paul and the samaritan woman at the well who chang their live and the live of those around them onc they experi christ ! 2 . you also have those like the rich young man and juda who , sadli , turn away from hi teach and lead live of destruct . whi did the two differ group choos the path they took ? well , I 'm not too certain , but I have an idea ... . turn to isaiah 6 . found it yet ? it the book in b/w genesi and revel . : ) In thi passag , isaiah met god as well . hi meet wa probabl a bit similar to paul 's meet w/ christ . read vers 1-4 . can you imagin what it would have been like to go through that ? ? I probabl would have wet my pant ! ! ! To see the lord `` high and lift up '' ... with the angel sing ... which of cours caus everyth around poor isaiah to shake and trembl ! what happen next is import : In vers 5 onc isaiah wit the presenc of the lord , he see how low and sin and dirti he is . He cri out `` woe is me ! ! '' I can onli imagin what that would have felt like ... he probabl felt like he should have die right then and there . but in the vers to follow , isaiah wa touch by god , and told that he wa cleans and forgiven . wow ! ! how awesom that must have been ! ! ! So when we look at the 4 charact we 've talk about recent -- paul , the samaritan woman , the rich young man , and juda -- they probabl all had similar feel around christ . To wit the power of jesu , whether it be through hi presenc , miracl , perfect life , or amaz teach probabl left them all feel worthless and dirti . I know it would me ! but the differ b/w them all is their reaction : -- the samaritan woman , who had slept with mani men outsid of marriag and wa probabl the joke of the town , realiz she wa cut free from the slaveri of guilt and sin and went to boldli tell the good news ! -- paul , who wa respons for the persecut and death of christian , and even call himself the worst of sinner drop the weight of sin off hi back and ran the race christ mark for him . ( hebrew 12:1 ) howev , -- the rich young man walk away from jesu in sad b/c he wa more in love with hi money than the lord . mark 10:22 -- juda end up hang himself over the despair he had after turn christ , hi own friend , in to be murder . matthew 27 So what will you choos ? We all know we 've sin roman 3:23 . We look at christ and what he 's done for us and we ca n't help but cri out , `` woe is me ! what good am I ? ! ? ! I 'm noth but a dirti , rotten person ! '' but if we let him , christ will touch us and wipe off that dirti ... that guilt ... that shame the disabl us . He did it for isaiah , for the samaritan woman , for paul , and for countless other . He 'll do it for us too . We just need to ask and let him . 
the comput were down most of the day at work , so I decid to fold brochur in order to not throw my `` system '' off by work offlin . So for a good chunk of the day , I sat in a swivel chair and at a big wooden desk while fold 8 '' X 14 '' paper . It wa n't long that I start complain and yawn ! anyway , what struck me wa that as I sat there in the stale , white fluoresc lit offic , the song `` seiz the day '' by carolyn arend play ... twice actual . the word cut straight through my boredom and frustrat in an instant . for the choru of the song is thi : seiz the day . seiz whatev you can , for life slip away just like hourglass sand . seiz the day . pray for grace from god 's hand , then noth will stand in your way -- seiz the day ! wow ... . for life slip away like hourglass sand . Is n't that the truth ! ! what good is it to sit in a cubicl or a smug offic and type into a comput , sign letter , and talk on the phone all day ? Is it worth it ? whi do we do it ? Is it becaus we love do it ? Or could we be do someth much more nobler , someth much more worthwhil , someth much more fun ? there are place in the world rare seen by man ... .cultur rare experienc ... feat not yet accomplish ! whi not take a step into the unknown ? I seem to be ask myself these question a lot late . there are mani day that I ponder about when I get to take my next vacat so that I can get out of the offic . and there are plenti of day when I long for my sabbat to alaska ! ! ! should I be do thi ? should n't I look forward to each day of servic as if it a vacat ? My thought are n't too fluid today , but it just someth on my heart -- whi are we do what we do ? -- Do we go to colleg simpli for a piec of paper that allow us a high-pay job that we wo n't necessarili enjoy after two year ? -- are we work a decent pay job now that we do n't like at all simpli for the cash flow ? I dont ' have too much to say on the topic except thi : it seem that if we are in school or at a job for these reason then we 're not heed the word of christ in matthew 6:25-34 . In that passag He encourag us to not worri about our futur and to not store up wealth for futur use , becaus tomorrow will simpli take care of itself . I recent had to take that step while in grad school . I wa miser as a student there . and it not b/c I wa do poorli either -- I made all A 's while there . but I felt my life be suck from me there . and the onli reason I wa there wa to make myself `` readi '' for ministri ... to get anoth diploma say I wa readi to make more money . well , let 's just say I got out of there . for professor and paper do n't readi us ( even though they can certainli aid the process ) , the holi spirit doe . I 'm not do the topic much justic right now ... forgiv me . but perhap carolyn arend will : `` seiz the day '' well I know a doctor , a fine young physician , He left a six figur job for a mission posit . He 's heal the sick in an african clinic . He work in the dirt and write home to the cynic . He say , 'we work through the night so that everi day , as we watch the sunris we can say , ' seiz the day . seiz whatev you can , 'caus life slip away just like hourglass sand . seiz the day . pray for grace from god 's hand , then noth will stand in your way -- seiz the day ! I know a man who 's been do some think He 's as bitter and cold as the whiskey he 's drink . He 's talk about fear ... about chanc not taken If you listen to him you can hear hi heart break . He say , 'one day you 're a boy and the next day you 're dead . I wish way back when , someon had said , ' seiz the day . seiz whatev you can , 'caus life slip away just like hourglass sand . seiz the day . pray for grace from god 's hand , then noth will stand in your way -- seiz the day ! well one thing I 've notic , wherev I wander everyon 's got a dream he can follow or squander . you can do what you will with the day you are given I 'm tri to spend my on the busi of live . amen . seiz the day ! live it as if it your last ! 
Ok , so you can use whichev illustr you prefer -- that I 've been alseep for the past three month and am now wake from my slumber , that I went into a coma due to my excess sweet tea intak , or that I 've just had an extend vacat in mozambiqu for the past three month . So let me extend deepest apolog for my over-extend absenc . and much thank to the faith friend and famili out there who kept call me back out of my sleep , coma , or vacat in mozambiqu ( whicev you choos , of cours ) . pleas feel free to list ani comment , complaint , suggest , joke , and/or prayer request by click on the `` comment '' link at the end of each entri . lord-wil , I hope to write at least everi other day . pleas hold me account guy ! now , on w/ the blog ... .. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - On peac ... good , such a vagu word ... there 's a whole mess of direct we could go w/ thi . howev , one thing come to mind . As we look around us today and see how chaotic thing are w/ random kill , bomb , earthquak , fire , war , etc. , it make it seem like peac will never be reach . and then if you happen to stumbl across luke 12:51 , you ca n't help but wonder if there ever will be peac ! for in it , christ say Do you think I came to bring peac on earth ? No , I tell you , but divis . `` how can thi be ? `` , one must ask when present with thi evid ... especi sinc christ is known as the princ of peac , and sinc he told us in john 14:27 that he actual left us hi peac . how could thi be ? one minut the lord christ say he give us peac , and in the next he say he 's here to caus strife ! well , the import key here is to not think of peac as a time without war or pain or struggl . In hebrew , the word for peac ( shalom ) mean a full ... or have everyth you need to be wholli and happili yourself . interest huh . So what make us whole ? well , the love of christ of cours ! 1 peter 5:10 tell us that in the midst of our suffer , christ will come and restor us and make us firm , steadfast , strong ... .whole . So it now that we see thi : for jesu , peac doe not mean the absenc of struggl , but the presenc of love . -- frederick buechner peac guy . aaron 
when you think about it , all differ kind of folk end up meet christ ... ya ' know ? peopl who were rich and famou , as well as peopl who were penniless . the righteou , as well as the sin dirti . the list could go on and on . when you think of the folk who met christ , who come to mind ? peter ? juda ? the samaritan ladi at the well ? zacchaeu ? pilat ? right now if you were to ask me that question , I 'd probabl have to say simeon . No , not simon ... simeon . No , not the fisherman who christ call to be a discipl ( luke 5 ) , but the littl old man in luke 2:25-35 who wa promis by god that he would n't die until he had seen christ . pretti wild huh ? simeon must have been pretti tight with god to have had that honor ... ya ' know ? In vers 25 it say he wa both `` righteou and devout '' . In that day , the jew had a whole mess of idea about what christ would be like . mani were expect royalti . other ( like juda ) were expect thi great militari leader . and as a result , mani total miss out on christ . not simeon though . : ) good 'ole simeon recogn jesu as the christ when he wa just 8 day old ! ! ! simeon wa abl to see through the fact that thi littl child , who probabl still smell of the manger and swaddl cloth , wa be carri around by a poor carpent name joseph and some unimport ladi name mari . simeon could see that christ wa actual the son of god ... even though the child wa onli 8 day old ! So what did simeon see that other like juda did n't ? well , noth realli . In fact , juda probabl saw more than simeon ... juda got to wit christ as an adult who wa activ heal and preach ! the catch here is in vers 25 and 26 of luke 2 . We 're told simeon wa righteou , devout , and move by the spirit of god . It wa the condit of simeon 's heart that wa the decid factor here . He had allow god control of hi life ... so that when simeon wa shown the christ child as promis , no matter what the child look like , he would take him in hi arm and prais god as he did in vers 28 . So the question for us is thi : what is the condit of our heart ? ... Is it given over to god so that we 'll embrac christ with all our might ? Or is it focus on what we person want so that we reject what christ ha to offer ? 
can you chang your life in 24 hour ? I wa at the movi recent and a trailer came on with that question show all throughout the preview . the movi wa about a guy who wa given 24 hour of freedom befor go to prison for the rest of hi life . and , as you can tell , that got me think : ) ... . but what do you think ? If you were notifi that you had 24 hour left to live ... or 24 hour left of freedom ... what would you do ? I 'm sure a lot of folk would say thing like `` I 'd go sky dive '' , or `` share my true feel with the one I love '' , or even `` eat as much fri chicken as my bodi could handl '' . : ) I 'm not sure I 'd particularli do that , but I 'm sure some folk would . : ) there are two point that I got just from sittin and think about that question ... .mind if I share ? whi thank ya ' ! : ) point 1 : In 24 hour , it a whole heck of a lot easier to wreck your life than chang it for the better . Or in other word , it take onli hour , minut , second to make a mistak ... but it could potenti take a whole lifetim to make up for it . for instanc , when it come to premarit sex : a few minut of pleasur can lead to pregnanc , diseas , death , and a lifetim of guilt . break curfew or lie to love one can destroy trust that will take year to rebuild . howev , that be said ... given 24 hour to chang your life for the better , what would you do ? where would you begin ? see , just becaus it harder to chang your life for the better in a short amount of time , doe n't mean it imposs . We human have a certain knack for perform under pressur . athlet becom famou for rise abov the rest dure critic moment of a game . and in school , mani student tend to do their best work when they have to cram ... am I right ? I think I am . : ) So given that , perhap if we went into each day as if it all we have left , then we 'd have a passion like no other to right the wrong we 've commit . and mayb , just mayb , there 'll be a chang . : ) thi lead us to our 2nd point ... point 2 : We 're realli onli guarante the day we 've got , ya ' know ? thi 24 hour . So whi should n't we live today like it our last ? ? ? christ even told us thi in matthew 24:36-51 . He remind us that noon know about the day or hour ... noon know it ... enough said . So if we get to tomorrow and realiz we do n't have tomorrow , what do we do ? all I know is thi : we wo n't get to tomorrow and come to that realiz ... so live , brother and sister ! peac 
I 've alway wonder how to accur express thi uncondit love of christ -- so pure , so true , so power , so perfect , so overwhelm . well , for a time I wa quit discourag becaus there is realli no way we can do such a daunt task . Ya ' know what I 'm sayin ? howev , I believ I stumbl across someon who ha at least begun to pick the lock to thi truth . the fella ' ? ... a a.w . tozer . check thi out ... I can do no more justic to the awesom wonder-fil theme call love than a child can grasp a star . still , by reach toward the star the child may call attent to it and even indic the direct one might look to see it . So , as I stretch my heart toward the high , shine love of god , someon who ha not befor known about it may be encourag to look up and have hope . So beauti put ! tri to even grasp the understand of god 's love for us is hard enough ... let alon explain it ! As tozer put it , it probabl a lot like a child tri to reach a star . it imposs . howev , that child can reach for that star and thu turn our head upward ... .just as we can focu on and even reach for christ , which will caus some to gaze upward to our hope ... our love ... our life . anoth thing , if that child stay devot to the gaze at of star and ha the passion to learn all he can about those veri star ... he 'll eventu get a telescop . next he may buy a few beginn 's book . perhap even take a few class in high school . If the child continu with hi love for the star , he 'll go to colleg to learn astronomi where he find out all there is to know about the star of the heaven . hi next step could find him among those star as an astronaut . the same goe for us ! right now , we can onli point to the sourc of the love without realli be abl to fulli understand , explain , or even appreci it . but just as the child with the star , if we continu to feed our passion for that love of christ we 'll perhap studi it more ... open the word more ... and do all we can to find ourselv right in the middl of hi love ! the apostl paul doe a good job of tri to explain the unfathom love in 1 corinthian 13 . read it . you 'll see he straight up will defin it . He say love is patient , kind , polit , protect , trust , hope , persev . but then in vers 9-12 he remind us that we 'll realli not be abl to grasp it complet . He wonder write in v. 12 , now we see but a poor reflect as in a mirror ; then we shall see face to face . now I know in part ; then I shall know fulli , even as I am fulli known . So let me encourag you , as you look into that murki glass to catch a glimps of love : keep it up ! becaus soon we 'll find ourselv like that child who found himself among those veri star that he could simpli point to year befor . We 'll find ourselv face to face with that love ... with christ ! gaze myself ... 
mani of you have heard me tell plenti of color stori about my famili back home in virginia -- my mom and dad , my brother , and even our dog , graci Jo . : ) ( ye , we gave her a middl name ! ) graci is undoubtedli the perfect dog . she 's a `` pek-a-poo '' ( that 's pronounc `` peek-a-poo '' ... she 's half-pekingnese/half poodl ) , which mean she weigh a mere 8 pound . graci ha never hurt a soul her whole life and is without ani enemi whatsoev . Oh , and by the way ... she 's so cute that you ca n't help but grin just look at her . : ) hard time struck thi past weekend unfortun . My dad wa take graci on a walk down the street when all of a sudden , three dog broke through their electr fenc and attack her . dad immedi snatch graci up into hi arm . howev , as he wa lift her up , one of the dog bit her eye so that it liter came out of it socket . dad then hurri graci to the car and onto the vet . graci had emerg surgeri on the same day and end up lose her right eye . needless to say , the whole dowdi clan wa , and still is , pretti shaken up . graci is still in recoveri and we 're all wait and hope for that same energi and play to return to her . the veri night thi happen , I wa drifit off to sleep in the midst of tear of anger and absolut sad when a lesson hit me . In the middl of my sorrow , god 's allow me to be remind of some old truth , as well as learn some new one . first , bad thing happen to not onli good peopl ... .but the best of be . graci in no way deserv what happen to her . she 's an angel in fur . christ in no way deserv the treatment he wa put through ... but yet He went through it . whi do horribl thing happen to wonder peopl ? well , that 's a tough question to answer that I 'm not complet sure of . but I do know thi , god experienc exactli what it like to be put through actual hell while not deserv it . So in our pain , He reach out to us to sooth . second , troubl will still occur if we 're on the path of our father . My dad wa lead graci down the road . In fact , she wa right on hi heel . regardless , she wa ambush and batter . the same goe for us . If we 're follow our heavenli dad down the road of hi choic , it doe n't mean we 're exempt from pain and troubl . they 're bound to happen . continu to look at our perfect exampl , christ . there 's no doubt that He wa on the right path , and look at the pain He went through . final , when we 're follow our father 's lead and bad thing still happen inexplic , comfort come in dad 's touch ... and in hi voic . when my dad wa take graci to the vet , the one thing that stuck out the most in hi mind wa the fact that graci , while bleed and in sever pain , dug deep into hi lap . she wa daze , hurt , blind , and confus -- so she took comfort in the one place she knew ... the place where she could curl up in dure time of joy and dure time of excruci pain . furthermor , just befor surgeri , the vet brought graci to my parent one last time so they could get one last kiss in . mom and dad could n't help but notic how motionless and lifeless she wa when the vet brought her out . but when mom start talk to her and touch her , graci 's tail began to wag and she snuggl up close to mom . it on thi last thought that I want to encourag you . there 'll be time when you 'll feel like a piec of you ha liter been rip from you . mani peopl have the tendenc to withdraw dure these time . but take a page from graci -- dig deep into dad 's lap and listen for hi voic . for it in that gentl tone and touch that heal begin . ( In the meantim , pleas keep my famili and me in your prayer . ) peac 
one gener will commend your work to anoth ; they will tell of your mighti act . they will speak of the gloriou splendor of your majesti , and I will medit on your wonder work . psalm 145:4-5 A lot of you have heard me talk about how much I like the popular prime-tim tv show , `` Ed '' ... and there 's even been some of you who have gotten hook on the show as well ! ! ! while I would n't endors the show as a good sit-down-with-your-family-after-dinn type of show , I will say that it doe offer plenti of humor and even some good questions/argu that can appli to our faith and belief . for instanc , 2 week ago : the main charact , Ed , ( who is the bowl alley owner/lawy who run both practic in the same build ) wa told by some agenc that project peopl 's age-expect that he 'd live to be 83 . thi news immedi affect Ed , to say the least . realiz he wa almost halfway through hi life , he began look at hi ancestor and those around them while obseriv legaci peopl left behind . As a result , poor 'ole Ed becam dissatisfi with the type of legaci he wa leav behind . So he began explor differ way to becom famou -- potteri , paint , music , etc . needless to say , he realiz he wa realli good at two thing : run a bowl alley and practic law . throughout the show , Ed wrote differ say and quot that he would like to have on hi tombston . some were funni , some seriou , while other were sad . final , as the show close , he came up with what he want . hi second-to-last idea wa `` Ed steven -- art wa hi life '' . well , watch the show you easili could see that Ed wa not in the least bit artist . Ed realiz that too . but he chang the word around to someth a littl differ so that it read : `` Ed steven -- life wa hi art . '' there 's 3 observ I 'd like to make : 1 . Is life your art ? there are mani type of artist out there . some , when they paint , appear to sling paint onto a canva without much rhyme or reason to it . other put amaz amount of detail and care into their paint . both style are consid artist and are well-accept ! So what doe your canva look like ? It doe n't necessarili matter what you do to it as long as you do someth . Is your life consum by work , or school , or worri , or sport ? Or is your life a wonder artist blend of passion , fun , sad , success , and failur so that it a piec of art ? 2 . Do n't focu on what legaci you 'll leav behind . while it good to leav behind someth ... do n't dwell on it ! use psalm 145 as your guid . It talk of gener upon gener talk about god 's splendor and majesti and wonder ... .not your . So with the time you have , use it to aid thi and the next gener in notic the legaci of christ . 3 . final , while there are peopl out there who claim to be abl to predict how long you live , onli you can determin how you live . what doe it matter what your age-expect is ? you 're in control of your life-expect -- what you do with the life you have . So use it ! peac , 
Do not store up for yourselv treasur on earth , where moth and rust destroy , and where thiev break in and steal . but store up for yourselv treasur in heaven , where moth and rust do not destroy and where thiev do not break in and steal . for where your treasur is , there your heart will be also . matthew 6:19-21 spend ani qualiti with me and you 'll soon find that I absolut love look at movi , on tv , in music , and everywher els possibl to tri to find teachabl materi ... stuff that we can use to help us understand jesu ' teach a littl better . and believ you me , there 's plenti out there ! just look at `` star war '' and `` lord of the ring '' ! but perhap one of my favorit movi to draw from is the one I saw on tv yesterday while laid up in my sick bed . the movi seri that I 'm refer to is none other than the `` indiana jone '' trilog . If you 've got the third movi , `` indiana jone and the last crusad '' , pop it in your vcr or dvd player and go toward the end . throughout the whole movi , indiana jone and friend are in a kind of race against the nazi to find the actual cup that christ use at the last supper . If you 've not seen it , go rent it ! ( Or you can ask my parent , I believ they have my copi ! ) So anyway , at the end you find the oppos parti togeth at the site of the grail . the nazi take hostag indiana jone and co. and to persuad jone to make the final danger step to get the grail , they shoot hi father . you see , the grail is suppos to have heal power , so the onli way to keep hi father from die is to go get the grail . So , to make a long stori short indiana valiantli reach the grail , bring it back to hi father , save hi father , and defeat the remain nazi . howev , as they begin to leav , the foolish damsel of the movi take the grail with her . with ani other grail , that 'd be no problem of cours ... but with thi particular artifact , if you tri to leav the site then it 'd all come crash down on you . So , as you imagin , the cave ... that 's right ... all came crash down on them . As luck would have it , miss damsel trip and fall , caus the cup to bounc it 's way into a ravin . she soon find herself hang on by one arm , tri to reach the cup with her free hand . just as her arm give way indiana jone come to rescu miss damsel in distress . howev , she refus to give indiana her other arm and eventu she lose grip and fall into the pit of despair . ( Oh wait , the pit of despair is from `` princess bride '' . ) either way , miss damsel fall to her death . So the earth is given a good shake and indiana fall over and into the same posit the late miss damsel previous wa -- hang on by one arm . but thi time , hi father ha gotten ahold of hi arm . and with indiana 's free arm , he can nearli grab the cup . In fact , hi fingertip are touch it ! He simpli need one more inch ! hi father say , `` indiana ! give me your other hand . '' you see indiana 's eye widen with the thrill of nearli reach the cup ... .then you see hi hand touch it . indiana repli , `` I can almost reach it dad ! '' indiana 's hand begin to slip more and more from hi father 's . the next shot is of hi father 's face , calm but concern . In the midst of all that chao -- the ceil cave in , the earth give way , peopl die , indiana slip from hi grasp -- the father simpli say , `` junior . let it go . let it go . give me your other hand . '' that oh so familiar , comfort voic grab indiana 's attent and with that , indiana look up and give hi father the other hand just as he 's about to fall to hi death . wow ! I must say , each time I watch that , it move me more and more . what a beauti scene ! At the begin of thi entri I post the passag from matthew where christ tell us not to bother with store up `` treasur here on earth '' , but to concern ourselv with `` treasur in heaven '' . the grail indiana wa after wa sure a treasur on earth ! but not just becaus it would have brought him wealth . It would have also brought him fame with no end and power beyond belief . perhap it wa a littl of what the prodig son wa after in luke 15 . He left hi father for hi own life ... to build hi own fame and fortun . but we soon read that it took him to the edg of death . just as indiana 's brief encount with the grail did . So where are you now ? are you seek out or store up treasur here on earth ? worri about how big your hous will be ? how much money you 'll make onc you 're on your own ? Or even how you 'll gain the attent of someon at school ? have you becom a bit like the prodig son ? have you want to do thing your own way ? let me encourag you to drop it . time are crazi right now in the world . you 're hear all kind of nois and temptat , just as indiana did in those brief moment . but listen for that sooth , penetr voic of the father say `` junior ... son ... .daughter ... give me your other hand . '' reach up and grab your father 's hand befor it 's too late . 
calmer than the sky far away so blue land of live god grant your peac on earth We can feel you move and can not stay the same the wind are blow strong god of heaven come breath peac breath your peac on us So we might breath you deep breath peac breath your peac on us the land of the live god If we are in the way move us to the side god forgiv our wrong rest your hand on us all the world is your let us not forget It wa you who bore the cross -- R. seay peac . In time like these , there 's no doubt that peac is much need , but it seem to be scarc sought with earnest . live in waco , TX , I see my share of pro-bush , pro-war support . On the flipsid , there 's a good number of anti-war person who make their voic heard . I find my head spin more and more as the tension seem to grow daili ! where do we go from here ? those in favor of war use the desir for the establish of peac as part of their justif , while those against war stand on the argument that war bring not peac but destruct and distrust . My own view are irrelev at thi point . for right now , all I want is peac . and I 'm not talk about the absenc of struggl that we so often defin peac as be . regardless of whether or not we go to war , there will alway be struggl . I 'm talk about the peac that frederick buechner describ as be `` the presenc of love . '' It is the same love that cover a multitud of sin . the same love that is driven by self-sacrific and humil . the same love that is defin by both the turn of the other cheek as well as the confront of those who wish to disgrac god 's templ . It is that veri love that look on the lost and ruin condit of all human and reject the idea of give up on it . rather , thi love gallantli rode into earth as the princ of peac ... .a a defenseless jewish infant in a stabl . So is it on thi love that we final figur out peac ? I would say ye ... .ye ! It is with thi declar that I encourag you with the lyric post at the begin of thi entri : lord , if we are in the way , move us to the side . remind us that all the world is your . it our hope that we can feel you move and can not stay the same . god of heaven come ! breath peac . breath your peac on us . peac for the nation , 
