freaki ... that 's the word that I have to use to descibl most of the day . thi afternoon when I went to my exam , I total forgot that my music final take home essay ha to be hand in by 4:00pm but that 's dure my commerc 200 exam ... and while I am wait in line , and exam is go to start in 5 minut , and I am still tri to figur out what I am go to do ... I am freak out and debat should I go home or not . tri call dan ( my housem ) , but as usual , he did n't pick up the phone . then luckli there wa a taxi outsid the build and I rush into it and got home and hand it in then run back to the exam hall ... it is so crazi , I am so stress out in the taxi . I must have yell at the old driver that he need to go faster , like 10 time ... So it turn out that I am 10 minut late for my commerc exam . but the exam wa kind of a joke ... I am done in like an hour and a half . So I am glad that went okay . after that I got home and decid that I am go to work on my travel arrang for the summer . I book my hotel room at VA beach for august , but I am still look for a roomat to share the room though ( the room got 2 bed ) matt , josh , or anyon that 's com ... I also made the reserv on my plane ticket to go to VA beach but I am still wait and see can I get a free ticket from my aadvantag or aeroplan . So I guess I will have to wait and see befor I confirm my ticket and pay for it ... also I wa tri to book the ticket for my brother to go to iqaluit on air canada and appar a lot of flight wa alreadi full ... so I am still work on that ... bro , I will get you a ticket , I promis ! I will just have to work someth out with those stupid air canada peopl . As for my ticket back to hong kong , I have decid that I want to stop by louisvil to see matt and at LA to see my dad and tsggb ( david ) ... we will see what happen ... my ticket wa still not book yet but I will do that tomorrow or friday ... As for chate onlin goe , I final discov a good pianoist that I could go get hi CD ... thi is all thank to matt recommend ... it is so good ... As for other music goe , I am fall in love with john mayer and lifehous ... I just ca n't stop listen ... I am kind of tire to all those canadian musician and those stuff be play on the radio ... so final got someth excit to listen to ... thank to all you CB kid . So earlier on the night on the 19th ( i know it is the 20th now , but i ca n't stop the clock on thi board ) , I decid to call merritt and see did he got my e-mail and stuff ... it turn out that he never reciev it and I am so nervou when I talk to him man . So I e-mail him again and he repli me and I am so glad that he is realli cool with it man ... merritt and julien were probabl the two person who I will have the most difficulti to talk to other then my parent . So I am glad that merritt is cool with it and I am glad that he final enjoy hi time at eckerd colleg man ... I know you will be a fine marin geologist ... [ hum , hum ... of cours the engin { me } ... will be better at everyth ... hum ] ... so now I just have to tell julien , and then after thi , those who is left were my parent man . and they will be the though one but I think I am readi to tell them person . We will see what happen thi summer ... also , I can wait to see merrit again thi saturday man , have n't seen him for like age man ... it is go to be so much fun to drink togeth man buddi ... final ... I am again so f % # k for my exam tomorrow ... but hell , these art and scienc cours were like a joke compar to the engin cours ... like I can learn the whole cours in like 2 hour ... it is redicul easi ... I so should have not gone into engin at queen 's man ... onli if I am in commerc or art and scienc then I will actual have a life ... heheh ... . lol ... . and way , guy ... I am head back to montreal tonight on the 19th , yeah night train ... I love the train , so much better then the bu but of cours airplan will be better but no flight from kingston to montreal ... : O ( ... .. anyway , I will catch you CB guy sometim tomorrow night man , it will be late caus my train wo n't get there until 11:30 pm ... as to the other peopl , I will still catch you guy onlin or on the phone or whatev ... we will figur that out man , I am sure I will see you guy in the next littl while ... anyhow I will talk to you guy later man ... coolio ... . peter 
today it is pretti good , I have learn that my baja team peopl know that I am gay and they are cool with it . I am glad and I wa even talk about gay stuff with them openli . that 's realli good and I am glad that we could still talk openli about thing . On the other hand I have so much work to do , it is crazi , it is just me ... I should have done some of the stuff earlier ... but oh well ... I am get prepar for my summer now , book plane ticket and stuff ... yeah i know , again I should have done some of these earlier but oh well ... it is me again , I can decid what I want to do until like the last minut ... I guess my friend alway complain to me about that but I just never listen ... : O ) anyhow , I am go to hit the book now ... I will tri to post again and tell you more about what 's go on man ... coolio ... peter 
first , I have decid to switch my daili thought from my web-sit to hi blogger.com thing ! It is easier to maintian and easier to edit . today , noth much new have happen to me , except I think I did okay on my music final . also , I am still wonder whi merritt ha not repli to my e-mail . I hope that he is not too freak out to know that I am gay . I am go to tell julien and jennif about it tomorrow . As for tonight , a lot of peopl on cb.com seem to be have a bad night and I hope that they will all be okay , especi spree , my wish goe to him . other then that I final talk to thi guy from my class who look exactli like matt from cb.com . He is way too cute . I am borrow hi note tomorrow so we will see can we be friend and chill out ... coolio ... that 's about it for today . coolio . 
alright , I am sorri that I have n't been keep up with my post ... but I have been busi go to my brother graduat and also I do n't have a perman internet connect at my step-mom hous ( need to share it with my step-bro ) , so that 's whi I am kind of late ... but everyth is good with me man ... right now after all the hassel of help my bro move everyth out from sedbergh , I have been do noth , absolutli noth at all in montreal ... Oh , did I forgot to tell you guy , I have told merritt that I am gay just befor my bro graduat ... that wa intens and it felt kind of awkward when I saw him at the close ... but thing work out okay and we still talk and everyth is cool ... also , I met thi TA name rob , he is a pretti cool guy and he stay over at my step mom place for a night and we hang out ... he is pretti cute but no , I am not interest , but I am sure that someth that I have done must have freak him out ( ie : the cocodil ) . other then that I am still tri to figur out my plane ticket schedul ... my travel agent is veri incompet and ca n't get the flight that I want so I am extrem disappoint ... I realli want to go see david in LA and also to go see my dad ... and mayb to tell him my secert ... ah who know man ... we will have to see , but now I am about to go to bed ... I just wish that all of you will be happi and thing in thi world will work out okay for everyon ! coolio ... peter 
wow ... what a week ... canada day on juli 1st wa a lot of fun ... I went out to the montreal intern jazz festiv in the afternoon and then went to the canada day concert that even at the old port montreal ... after that I saw the firework which wa lot of fun ... the rest of the week ha been realli hot so I went out to downtown to shop and chill out . I watch mib2 last night which I am kind of disappoint , all these new movi all disappoint me ... whi ca n't they made them better ? ? ? anyhow , today I had a fight with my littl brother jacki ... he wa be a jerk or more like a stubborn jerk who just assum thing too much and onli hear part of a convers and immedi jump to a conclus . horribl person ... So that sort of stop all my init to do anyth for him ... My brother alway believ what he think is alway right and never realli look at thing from anoth perspect ... I do n't know what to do but freakli I do n't care anymor ... anyway , today wa the 4th juli and I hope that all the boardi will have a wonder day and wonderful weekend ... anyhow , I will drop a line sometim soon ... coolio ... sweet sweet ... peter 
tonight wa absolutli bore . I am bore and I am mad at my mom secertari for not be understand . yeah , I am pathet , I talk to my mom secertari more then I talk to my mom . what do you expect , my mom is alway busi and whenev I got on the phone with her , she is too busi to talk and usual hang up in just minut . I am get sick of that ... but oh well , I guess that 's life . On the other hand , I just weight myself tonight and I lost anoth 2 lb . So I am veri happi about that and I am almost at the weight that I want . thi morn , I final paid for my plane ticket to norfolk , VA . go to get that on the 8th around 2:30pm and leav on the 12th ... yeah , I know everyon is leav on the 11th but if I have to leav on the 11th , I will have to leav at 6:30am which mean I will probabl have to leav the hotel at like 3:30am in the morn which I am not prepar to do . So I am go to stay for an extra night so that I can leav around 3:00pm on the 12th ... anyway , I hope that it will be good fun at VA beach.. anyway ... I am get tire now ... I will tri to write more tomorrow ... oh , also I realli want the new red hot chili pepper CD ... I want it ! ! ! 
today wa alright ... but i felt like crap tonight after I have unintent made someon mad ... total do n't meant to do it ... and I hate to think about the fact that I mad someon mad ... it just suck to think about it . I guess sometim I just got to be more care and more respect in what I do . I do n't know but it is so hard to understand what is accept to some peopl and what is not . like to me I treat peopl as honest and truth as I possibili can but it just seem that misunderstand alway happen . It alway seem like I am the one who is at fault all the time and I am the one who piss everyon off all the time without me do anyth . all I realli want wa peopl to be happi and be cool with thing ... is that realli unrealist for thi world . I have no idea . sometim I felt like no bodi realli understand me becuas I am alway thi guy who pray for the ideal situat ... but it just seem like it never happen . take treat peopl nice for exampl , sometim peopl think I am too nice to be true and they think that I am just tri to use them ... do I realli have to be an ass hole befor everyon realiz that I am not one . thi world is weird , peopl tend to be too protect and they do n't trust peopl and that 's what I hate about thi place . I wish the world is a littl bit more ideal and that might made me feel better and live a happier life ... anyway ... mayb I am suppos to feel like crap all the time ... I do n't know ... thi world realli suck sometim ... coolio ... not so sweet ... 
alright ... me and my bro were friend again ... is n't that fast ... sometim , I guess I am the big brother , I just have to be cool ... and everyth will work out in life ... . as for other stuff goe , I wa tri to fix my step mom friend mei ling comput ... I realli do n't understand how she use her comput ... and it turn out I have to complet eras everyth and reformat hard drive and then reinstal window ... and I have to reinstal all the program for her and stuff so it turn out to be a day job . there is conflict in her hardwar and I have never seen so mani blue screen of death for my life . for all the comput that I have fix and reinstal wondow and everyth , thi is the nastiest one . and it lead me to tell myself that I am never go to fix anoth comput for those comput incompet peopl . other then that my weekend wa as usual , veri bore , noth much excit is happen in my life . I think I need to join some club or someth . but I am onli go to be here for a few more day . So what should I do ? Oh well , I guess I will figur that out tomorrow . also , I think I am lose my touch on all these board game , I lost my monopoli game last night and I bankrupti and own my step bro 325 dollar monopoli money . I ca n't believ it ... I think I am better in the game risk . : O ) anyhow , coolio ... sweet sweet ... 
wow ... I have been write for quiet awhil ... partli becaus noth much is happen in my life ... I guess I am bore then ? mayb , mayb not ... right now , I am excit that I am go to be go to VA beach thi come thursday and final got a chanc to meet a lot of the cb.com boardi ... I think it will be amaz ... so is there ani interest thing that happen in my life ? hum , all the boardi were final talk on the livve.com and I mean voic chat and talk ... it wa total fun and I guess it let me put a voic to each boardi ... now I just need to put a face to the voic at VA ... I do n't know , I guess it will be excit to meet all the boardi at VA but it could also be scari ... do n't realli know what to expect , that 's the truth ... hope everyon will not be that much differ from their board person ... anyway , I will let you guy know what 's go on later ... coolio ... sweet sweet ... 
wow ... it have been a while sinc my last post a messag here ... so much have happen in my life and so much more I have learn about me and the peopl around me ... I guess get involv in more stuff ( equip and klgbta ) sort of widen my sens and I am much more comfort about everyth now ... and I guess the crazi sci-form wa someth extrem fun to do , and it is definitli a nice to rememb ... and I still ca n't believ peopl stole my crest that I have draw for the sci-form ... I demand to know who stole it ... : OP hahaha ... anyhow ... live is busi and right now I got a test in 15 hour , so I better get back to studi ... I will post more messag when I got the time ... cooli ... peter 
It is christma day ! ! ! merri christma to you all ! everi year around christma time ... I alway came to a realiz on how much the world will be a better place if everyday is christma ? everyon dure thi time of the year is so much nicer to each other that it is wonder ! how often will you have peopl on the street wish you a happi hoilday ? not that often ... and would n't it be great if thi happen everyday ? I think so ... : O ) also , if we have christma everyday ... then we will get present everyday and that will be way cool also ... although one of my friend matt point out to me that , all of us are in fact reciev gift everyday , but they might not nescessari materialist gift ... and I think that 's so true also ... back to the christma realiz thing , the atmospher dure christma time is so peac and love ... it is incred ... last night when i wa over at my friend hous ( my famili wasn ; t around so my friend parent invit me over to their hous ) , we were watch a christma program on the hostori channel and they were say how the soldier in ww1 stop fight dure christma time and how the german and the british soldier in the front line are actual sing christma song togeth and shake each other hand and stuff like that ... it is wonder ... christma is simpli a wonder hoilday for christian and non-christian ... it is the time of the year when all of us can get togeth with famili and friend and share our love and joy ... it is the time of the year when we can apprici the accompani of each other and share our year stori ... it is absolutli wonder ! anyway , I hope that you guy are enjoy yourself in thi wonder hoilday and onc again , merri christma and happi new year ! best wish , peter 
happi new year ! I know I know , we are alreadi 20 day into the new year but oh well ! A lot of busi plan idea is float through my mind right now ... I almost felt like the old creativ me is slowli come back out of the cage ... To tell you the truth , I have n't been that creativ sinc I got to queen 's ... donno whi , mayb it is becaus of thi enviro ? donno ... I am just kind of happi and excit that I am onc again think about new busi prospect and new idea ! By the way , do you know microsoft is give out dividend for the first time in their histori ! ! ! what a bunch of greadi corpor slave ! As soon as the US govern chang the polici to give tax relief for peopl who is earn dividend and to compani who is give divid , microsoft immedi switch it polici ... what a co-incid ! ! ! anyway , some other peopl actual predict that microsoft give dividend might signal slower growth in the tech sector , hint most compani that give dividend were mostli in the slow grow sector ! So mayb microsoft final notic the fact that they could onli have so so so much of the monopoli ( ie:95 % ) and they will never get all 100 % of it ! hum ... interest ... we will see how that go ... : O ) alright I am not go to bore you with all these busi news that is go to bore the hell out of you ... I will talk to you guy later ... love ya all ! cheer , peter 
whi doe n't peopl think ? whi doe n't peopl think befor they do someth ? sometim it drive me nut ! for exampl : tonight I discov that my housem took my laundri out of the dryer and then put it on the floor and mix it with my other housem dirti cloth . whi whi whi ? Ca n't peopl simpli think about the fact that clean cloth wa n't suppos to mix with dirti cloth ? ? ? now I have to put up a sign just so that thi wo n't happen again ! sometim I wonder whi doe n't peopl spend two second of their time to just think about what they are do befor they actual do it ! ! ! sometim , think a littl might actual be good for you ... work your brain out a littl will improv your situat awar and your respond time to common problem . I sometim realli wonder , how do we actual think ? afteral , we were just a bunch of h2o and carbon and some other atom mix togeth ... so realli how do all of these atom have the abil to think ? thi is just too weird ... If you ever figur it out how do we think then let me know : ) peter 
read week wa great ... relax ... sort of ... hahaha ... at least there 's no class so that 's not that bad ... my brother send me thi link today ( http : //anonx.web1000.com/ ) ... and I think it is way funni ... so I am go to post it here ... I am sure most of you have heard of thi befor ... but now there 's is the graphic to go with it ... so it is so so so cool ... by the way , click on the play button as soon as the bottom of your browser said play ... or els you will have to wait until etern befor the load sign disappear ... hahaha ... anyway ... I feel good right now for some reason ... even though I should start studi for my apsc 132 quiz ... but somehow I am not worri as usual ... I realli don ; t understand how can I pass all of my cours without realli do ani hardcor studi ... hahaha ... I donno ... right now , I am just go to studi realli slowli ... go out to dinner ... and then go watch a movi or someth : ) It should be fun fun fun ... anyway other then that ... noth much is cool late ... the weather is nice though ... it is warm , but I guess warm dure winter is not realli that good ... all the snow melt = slushi snow on the ground ... haha ... anyway ... I realli donno what am I go to say ... I guess I can tell you the mini-baja is come a long slowli ... hahaha ... anyway ... talk to you all later ... cooli peter 
It is way cool tonight when I saw Dr bryant on the discoveri channel canada . He wa talk about hi niagara foot and I am so happi to see the foot tester that I have build dure my mech 212 project were be shown on TV ( even though it is onli a few second ) . It is just so so so cool to see someth that I have done is be shown on TV ... way way way cool ... Me , mark and craig , work on the foot tester project with dr. bryant grad studnet tara . origin we were to design onli the control panel and then we sort of got drag on to design and build the whole control system , with reli switch and pheumat swtich and stuff like that . I rememb I still have that report somewher in my room . that foot tester is sort of the 1st realli cool project that I have done at queen 's ( sinc then I have done other cool stuff ) . So I am just happi to see it on TV . : ) anyway , If you want to see it , then go to thi link : urllink http : //www.exn.ca/news/video/exn20030224-niagarafoot.asx cooli , so check it out . talk to you all later ... cooli peter 
the war ... everyon is talk about it ... so should I ... I realli do n't know what should I react to thi redicul war ... I oppos it for the fact that it is not unit nation approv war ... but that 's not the worst of it all ... the constant propraganda from cnn , is kill me ... I think the american public is be brainwash by their admistr , I realli feel bad for them . As for the weekend ... I final got my iron ring ! ! ! yay ... : ) got to go now ... but let you guy know more about what happen on sunday night later ... cooli peter 
cbc wa great ... they got a wonder program tonight on fifth estat ... they are talk about the stuff behind the war on iraq ... pretti interest prospect ... I have definitli learn someth from it ... sar ... thi got blown way out of proport by the media ... thi is my prospect anyway ... i wa in hong kong just 2 week ago and it is not even close to be as bad as it wa be said by the media ... it is bad , but not as bad and danger ... and do n't worri , I do n't have sar ... I left hong kong last tuesday , so today wa the 10th day that I wa back in canada ... so if I have sar , I should have it by now ! hahaha ... As for interest stuff ... here is an interest site that I have visit ... urllink click here some pretti interest perspect on stuff ... also click on gulf war 2 on the right ... it is a pretti funni anim that the author had put togeth ... final ... I wrote an letter to the queen 's journal editor just befor I leav for hong kong ... I wa so angri by my fellow sci'03 ( no name includ here ) when I wrote it , it wa not even funni ... and I still believ the person involv should be de-boss ... it drive me nut that queen 's is such a non-queer friendli place ... it is so so so bad ... I even send a complain to principl leggett , he have n't repli yet ... it had been 2 week , so I am disappoint in him also ... overal I am just disappoint ... anyway , if you want to read the journal letter , here is the link ... urllink click here anyway , I got to studi hard for my exam for the next few week ... wish me luck ... cooli ... peter 
( sorri that I have n't updat thi blog for so mani month , my life is pretti hactic right now . ) first I would like to say , I have been back in hong kong for about 3 month now . I like the citi and I sort of like my job but I wa n't that happi and I feel pretti depress sinc I came in town . I realli do n't know whi is that happen . It wa onli until tonight that I realiz what 's wrong with me ! tonight , mikey , dave , stan , john and my friend chad ( not a boardi ) have been tri to cheer me up becaus I wa complain about my love life . I wa complain about how I do n't have a boyfriend . I wa complain on how nobodi ever love me and everyon onli want to be my friend . I do n't know whi I feel that way , but I just do . I thought that 's the reason whi I am sad and that 's the reason whi I am kind of depress but it is not . I am not sad becaus I do n't have a boyfriend , it wa more like the fact that I am so far away from all my friend back home . for an exampl , chad , a friend that I met from second year of univers whom I have n't talk to for age came onlin tonight . I immedi got so excit and I felt that I am the happiest person on thi planet . later on that night , a friend adam from school and a friend darren from high school also drop me a line and I becam even happier sinc . I think I am not sad becaus I do n't have a boyfriend ( althought that just increas my sad ) but I am sad becaus I do n't get to talk to all my friend back home . I have been say I need a bf sinc I came out , and I have been complain about my love life but none of these were the real issu . they were just the fuel to a more complex problem . My real problem is that I am not that happi here in hong kong . not becaus of work , not becaus of the environ nor wa it the cultur or the peopl but it wa more like I am bore and I do n't know anyon . I want to chat with my friend back home but due to the time differ , it is veri difficult . there is no where I can share my daili experi with the most import group of peopl in my life and that 's whi I am sad . I donno how can I fix thi problem and I do n't see there is ani easi solut , I guess I will just have to live with thi and do my best to keep in touch . but I think I am strong and I will surviv . As time goe , I am sure everyth is ok. hopeful that 's true . anyway , to all my friend , I just want to say I love you guy and girl . muah ... ciao . peter 
whi life is so complic ? whi doe n't anyon love me the way that I want them to ? I donno ... it is too confus and too complic ... I thought of stop love and stop care for anyth but what is the point to life if you ca n't care for anyon ? : ( so mani peopl that I known are happi coupl live their own happi life but whi ca n't I get the same thing ? whi is thi world so unfair ? It is becaus of me be too idealist ? Is it becaus I am too picki ? Is it becaus I do n't see the peopl who love me and have to set my aim way abov my leagu ? I donno ... also , whi do peopl alway drive me crazi and doe n't want to give me a straight answer ? I tri to be truth and be honest about how I feel ... but whi ca n't they do the same ? I just want a honest repli ... it doe n't matter is it good news or bad news ... at least I will know ... if I do n't get ani repli , I donno how I should feel ... if there is no repli ... there is two possibl answer ... not interest , go away and I do n't even want to be your friend anymor ... or it could be : interest , but i am too afraid to say it ... to me , it doe n't matter if it is good news or bad news ... I will find my way to handl the situat . I might get sad for a few day if it is bad new ... and I might be veri happi if it is good news but at least it wo n't make me feel help ... it wo n't make me feel like I am be ignor ... it wo n't make me feel like there is no way to obtain a conclus ... so I guess what I am say is that I just want a truth answer for everyth from everyon ... just tell me straight what you think or feel ... I might get mad at that moment , but at least I know and I could make my own decis after that ... I guess I just hate not to be in control and I hate make inconclus conclus ... I donno ... it is just too complic ... I just wish someon could love me the way that I am will to love them ... and I hope that I will find that person soon ... love , peter 
I donno ... I felt like such a dork for these past coupl of day ... I am have a crush on thi brian guy that I met recent ... he is cute , sexi and smart ... . and I have never fell so weak befor ... my bodi were numb becaus I ca n't stop think about him ... but at the same time , I do n't want him to think that I am a freak becaus I do believ that ani relationship is a two way thing ... it can never be forc in one direct . If he share the same feel as I do then someth could develop ... if he doe n't then we will just be friend and noth will happen . thi whole thing just bother me becaus I have n't date anoth guy befor . I had one night stand befor and what not , but I have never date anoth guy . It just make me realli nervou and I did mani stupid thing that make me look like a dork . I even call brian up without know what do say ... I just total freez ... I am such a dork ... becaus of thi , brian know that I am in love with him but I donno doe he interest in me or not ? I am sick and tire for my horribl love life when everyon that I show remot interest would just want to be friend . To me , I know that I am a veri nice guy , I want my friend to be happi and I want everyon that I know to be happi . but sometim I do think it is unfair that everyon just want to be friend . It suck and it happen so often that I lost confid in myself . I know I am confid in busi , I am confid in technic knowledg but I am not in love and relationship . So thi whole thing is realli bother me and I just hope that I know how brian feel about me . It doe n't matter if he like me or not , I just want to know so that I do n't have to spend so much time think about it and worri about it . I know I like him and I know that I can love him if he give me a chanc but it will never work out if he doe n't share the same feel as I do . I guess we will just have to wait and see how it goe . luckili brian is out of town for a week , so I have some time to calm down . hope , I can be less nervou when I get to hang out with him next time . We will see how it goe . I am cross my finger and hope for the best on thi one . love you guy . take care . ciao . peter 
hahaha ... matrix revolut ... hahaha ... SO SO SO deep ! ! ! anyway , back to my real life ... everyth is good with me as usual ... I final got my first subscrib issu of advoc which I is veri veri veri cool : O ) As for my love depart , noth happen as usual , but I guess I have n't been pay much attent to it recent neither so I guess that 's ok : O ) As for meet new peopl in town , got anoth new friend who happen to be a canadian which is kind of cool I think : O ) As for work , it is busi and crappi as usual ... I just do n't get ani more time on my own ... I am constantli work ... which is drive me nut ... lol ... hahaha ... I donno ... mayb the lack of sex and the over work is drive me crazi ... hahaha , mayb I need to go pick someon up in the club or someth ... just kid ... although , for real , I realli need to get a messag ... my bodi is all stress and in pain ... anyway , right now i am tri to work out my plan for chines new year hoilday ... hope , i will get to see some friend back home : O ) I ca n't wait ! anyway , I love all of you guy , take care everyon ... ciao ... peter 
As promis yesterday , I am go to post some pictur of my china offic . 1 ) small build on the left is the sampl room / big build on the right is the factori 2 ) main entranc 3 ) insid the sampl room So what do you think ? look veri clean and sexi right ? haha ... I swear it is that clean everyday and we did n't clean it just for the pictur : ) In the sampl room , there 's about 120 worker . In the factori next door , there 's about 450 worker . besid thi factori , we also have 2 contract factori that manufactur for my compani . besid the 3 factori , there 's mani other bead compani and embroidieri compani that we need to co-ordin . It is quit impress in term of logist point of view to make sure everyth is run smoothli . We need to make sure each factori ha the proper materi at the right time . We also need to make sure all the bead and embroidieri finish on time for each factori . In our own compani , we use track code to keep track of the product statu of each lot of product . At each check point ( materi cut , bead , embroidieri , 3 differ step of sew , 3 differ step of iron , qualiti check , pack ) , we will scan the bar code of each lot of product to ensur everyth is run smoothli . most peopl do n't understand how complic thi is . think about it thi way , if someth got mix up , there is no way to figur out which piec of materi is for which dress and for each size unless there is some point of refer . So comput help a lot and help make thing much easier . anyway , I am work on a big post right now to summar my experi so far sinc I work in hong kong . I will post some pictur of my trip to itali , franc , dubai , lebanon , new york , la vega , etc . hope you will find it fun to read . take care for now . ciao ciao . peter 
Ah ... what a nice day here in china ... ye , I am in my china offic right now : ) I will take some pictur of my offic and show you guy in the next few day : ) pretti nice place , especailli in china ... you probabl wo n't find a factori in china that is cleaner and more beauti then mine ... . haha , I am not be cocki , but it is true . I have been to so so so mani factori here , most of them got horribl work condit ... I realli feel bad for the worker in those compani . some peopl who work for those compani make less then usd100/month ... I guess that 's what we hear about all the time on the news in north america . but not everybodi one make that littl money . some peopl do make a good salari in chines standard , for exampl , some of the design in my compani could be make around usd2500/month . Of cours that 's not compar to north america , but that 's a lot of money in china , especi when you can get a meal for less then 25 cent US . anyway , it is about time to get back to work . I will post some pictur of my offic in the next few day . In the mean time , have a nice day everyon : ) take care . ciao . peter 
test thi new blog set ... have n't make a new post for a while now ... everyth with me is good . I am now back in hong kong with a busi work schedul . nowaday , I travel to china everi monday morn and return to hong kong everi thurday afternoon . I spend friday and the weekend in hong kong . usus , go out to the bar and the club in hong kong ... pretti expens to go out in hong kong but it is fun though : O ) recent , rice bar seem like the popular place to be in hong kong ... I do n't understand whi , that place is so small that everyon just flood outsid on the street ... I guess that 's someth fun to do ? ? ? donno ... hahaha ... anyway , I promis that I will post more often if I can ... let 's wait and see can I keep up or not . take care everyon , ciao . peter 
sorri that I have n't been updat ... I wa sick these past few day , got a veri bad sort throat , headach , run nose ... haha , I do n't have sar so do n't worri ... hahaha ... I am recov right now ... I am on antibiot , some anti-inflammatori drug , some pain killer and some cold medicin ... I did n't went to work today but I am feel better now , so hope , I will go tomorrow ... anyway , take care everybodi . ciao . peter 
urllink cbc - canada vote 2004 elect OH elect ... it is elect time again ... It just get peopl go on wonder who will win thi elect ? will there be a major govern ? will the liber lose ? will the opinion poll just be a bunch of joke that peopl will vote for liber on elect date anyway ? nobodi will know until it actual happen ... As for vote , I wa go to vote , but it is too late now ... I did n't send it my ballot as it will not get back to ottawa in time ( for ani oversea canadian , they need to mail in their ballot befor elect day to be count ) ... so my vote will not count ... thi is the horribl thing about canadian in anoth countri who want to vote ... it is not fair and they should have a better system of do thi ... there 's so mani oversea canadian who will want a say in their govern , in hong kong alon , there 's an estim of 200,000 canadian who live here ... so there 's a peopl who never have their say as to who should be their prime minist ... To me , I think technolog will help ... with our live so connect with the internet anyway , whi ca n't we vote onlin ? If the govern think thi is not a safe approach ... then whi ca n't we vote at the canadian consul around the world instead of mail in the ballot ? thi is someth the govern should look into in futur elect ... anyhow ... let 's wait and see the result veri veri soon : O ) peter oh peter 
