never stand while the bu is in motion . 
... with urllink the j-rod , now that urllink blogger.com kick ass . We will see mani more of these water down simpl blog . It 's not about design a nice blog at all . It 's about simplic and great interest content . sinc most peopl just use the avail templat everyon blog look the same so you need the content to back it up . If you want a fanci blog with detail post get yourself urllink textpattern . howev if you are look to share your blog with simplic in mind thi is the way to go . At thi rate I predict everyon and their dog will have a blog , or mayb their urllink cat . 
A few hour short of 2 year ago , urllink the deuc creat a urllink blogger.com account . As you can tell by the time between post , it ha not realli ever been use . howev sinc then a lot ha chang and my life ha evolv . urllink project deuc is on it way and I am here to share it 's tale . 
OH NO ! ! ! there is a new distract come to the downtown . one of urllink the deuc 's favorit thing is an authent east coast donair . It just so happen that the best donair in the provinc is make a new home about half a block from my apart . that 's right the urllink famou jack 's donair ! urllink 
just a shout out to everyon ! here is urllink the deuc 's dream christma gift ; a urllink zakk wyld le paul . If I could get one of these the world be a much better place for deucemaniac 's everywher . 
recent , urllink the deuc ha been explor the world of finger pick . I have never realli done much of it while play my urllink guitar . howev I have been dabbl into it late . I find for the first time in a long time it make me feel awkward with a guitar . scari but excit . you know , it make sme frustrat that I ca n't just rip out a nice sound but it pump me up as I get better . It 's a nice challeng . 
inspir can come from mani thing . I feel it from music . I believ that is whi I enjoy music so much . tonight I am watch someth that realli get that flame bure to do make someth of yourself and be success . As odd as it may sound come from an alternative/met fan ; the urllink freddi mercuri tribut concert is amaz . So mani great artist from mani differ genr . from urllink metallica to urllink liza minelli , the show is awesom . I have alway been a closet urllink Q urllink u urllink e urllink e urllink n fan . mainli becaus of two thing : outstand creativ excel compos well , back to the video , heh , urllink axl just got on stage . 
So I know thi is way off topic but with the recent updat to urllink blogger.com it well ... kinda suck now . thi onc easi to use system ha been spoil with it new wysiwyg system for `` dummi '' that can code their own html ... .. heck children learn html everyday . If you ca n't do it yourself : pay someon with the skill TO DO IT for you ! urllink googl is not a foolish tool for amatu ; whi would you spoil urllink blogger ? also on top of all thi the new system doe n't work with urllink safari : ( it spit our a bunch of regex garbag ... ... did the design even test the system befor make it live ... . thi is a huge let down , I would expect thi from urllink microsoft but not urllink blogger . 
