Oh yeah , would have love to be a rock star 
To a new begin ... away from the pri eye ; away from the known toward the unknown 
hi face bore the the sign of the mani battl 's fought . each scar -- a grim remind of hi fatal . even as hi end wa draw near , hi thought went back to those day when blood colour the river and hate flow throught hi vein . age had erod hi sens and increasingli , he live in the past . the memori of the present wa too vagu to support him . hi friend lost to time and now confin to hi memori . He certainli hope histori would repeat itself . 
there is so much to tell . that is the easi part . know where to begin is difficult . peopl tell me I have chang . primarili , accord to them I have becom arrog . A snob to put it mildli . there is no longer a warmth in the way I approach peopl . It 's as business-lik as politen would allow . As for tell the stori I will wait for inspir to strike . for the past hold the key to unlock the futur but you have got to get the combin right . even as I write thi I can almost hear myself shout , `` thi is a load of crap ! '' 
live it . If u ca n't do that , dream it . 
dolli said that when she wa a girl she 'd like to wake up winter morn and hear her father sing as he went about the hous build fire ; after he wa old , after he 'd die , she sometim heard hi song in the field of indian grass . wind , catherin said ; and dolli told her : but the wind is us -- it gather and rememb all our voic , then send them talk and tell through the leav and the field -- I 've heard papa clear as day . - truman capot in the green harp 
It 's part of grow up , I suppos ... you alway have to leav someth behind you . 
`` sometim we can choos the path we follow . sometim our choic are made for us . and sometim we have no choic at all . '' -- neil gaiman 
dark often reveal what light hide . mumbai experienc a huge power failur on may 18 . for three hour the citi wa drown in dark . the shape of thing to come in the near futur ? 
In 1976 - 10 year after it open - the iraq museum publish a catalogu with a mission statement . It read : `` the relic of the past serv as remind of what ha been befor , and as link in the chain of commun between past , present and futur . the societi which possess mani and fine museum ha a correspondingli stronger histor memori than the societi without them . '' I wonder how much of that museum stil surviv ... and I also wonder who is to blame for all the destruct ... 
`` you 've gone a million mile how far 'd you get To that place where you ca n't rememb and you ca n't forget '' - secret garden , bruce springsteen 
`` ye , there is a lust for pain , as there is a lust for ador , and even a lust for humil . '' Do n't we all lust for someth ? read thi in the name of the rose - umberto eco 
In recent time , hi voic wa an unknown commod to those around him . onli when the need wa absolut did he voic hi opinion . He wa an island unto himself . few men would choos the option of be strand on an island -- away from human ; away from life and it mani pleasur -- but he would do it willingli . ye , there were time when he yearn for the human touch but they were few and far inbetween . He had chang . there were thing that had caus him to chang thu but he prefer not to think about them . now , he wonder where he would eventu end up . would life greet him onc again at the end of the tunnel ? fear of the unknown is a potent forc . but often it drive man to the extrem of hi abil to do thing . the fear of a deadlin can drive one to perform to the best of hi abil and it some case it can break him . He wish to discov ; to explor ; to step out into the unknown . He wonder whether he would have the courag to do so ; to step out of hi comfort circl and take on life onc again . 
I 'm so complet absorb in my own problem that everi time I see someon els suffer I come back to earth and startl realiti . 
the depth , if one may call it that , of my sleep is legendari . I have been known to sleep through earthquak , alarm , examin and virtual anyth the world could throw at me . On septemb 30 , 1993 , an earthquak of magnitud 6.3 on richter scale rock the district of latur and osmanabad in the state of maharashtra . the tremor were felt as far as mumbai . My famili and everyon in the build were up in a jiffi and scream for their live . My brother shook me in a bid to wake me up . I look up in a daze manner , made sure that the TV did not fall down and promptli went back to sleep . then there wa a time when my famili wa lock outsid the hous . No amount of ring the bell and knock the door manag to rous me . they final had to send in someon through the balconi to open the door from the insid . the first question when I woke up wa a simpl , `` how did you get in ? '' 
