urllink cafe La florida at place du capitol in toulous 
urllink earli morn in our street . 
urllink drive past the local market . 
urllink earl morn drive to work . 
urllink A cafe at place saint georg in toulous . 
urllink A small castl in mont beron north of toulous . If it wa n't a hospit for mental ill and we had won in lotto , we 'd buy it ! 
urllink the church of mont beron north of toulous . 
urllink market at place du capitol . 
urllink place du capitol in the rain . 
urllink readi for the ten kilomet of blagnac . 
urllink the minitel still work ! 
urllink karin just accept my propos for marriag ! champagn in a cupid 's capsul in the london eye . 
urllink pictur from toulous plage saturday night . It 's a great place , but sadli it close alreadi at one o'clock . now that the neighbour have start to complain about the noic they are play music at a veri low volum which is a bit sad . 
urllink cafe de la concord , our local cafe . It is one of the oldest cafe in toulous . 
urllink I am neither embarrass nor tire , but simpli relax after have walk around toulous an entir day . when you have visitor you get an effect work out by walk around the entir town and explain some of the histori of the town . 
urllink A view of La garonn which run through toulous . 
urllink the sall de illustr in capitol . Do not miss thi place if you visit toulous . 
urllink origin build . from a walk around toulous . 
urllink It 's great to walk around toulous and enjoy the incred charm old hous . 
urllink last beer on the way home from a night out in town . A nice pictur even though my facial express is a bit weird . 
urllink french erot novel . 
urllink It look like lanc armstrong is go to win the tour de franc onc again . here 's a photo I took of lanc last year when the tour pass toulous . 
urllink No , thi pictur is not from some sort of morbid sex shop , but from a shop for hairdress . I wonder how peopl react when someon walk out of the shop with one of these head under the arm ! 
urllink On our way home from the 14th of juli firework , we pass place du capitol where there wa a concert . 
urllink It wa crowd at the garonn tonight . peopl gather to see the 14th of juli firework . the show wa beauti . 
urllink some lunat ha put a red substanc in our fountain and spray the text `` prison kill '' on it . I have no freakin idea what good that serv and the person doe n't even have a clear messag . put that person in jail and then it 'll be his/her problem whether or not prison kill . 
urllink walk through camden after visit the lock market . though veri crowd , camden remain a place I visit everi singl time I 'm in london . 
urllink A view of london from the london eye 
urllink now thi is someth you do n't realli get to do in denmark . hang out by a pool at night is great and the fact that it can be open about half of the year is just so darn sweet . 
urllink Ok I know that it 's a bit unclear , but it 's a pictur of a messag board at a french bu stop . the nice bu peopl have indic how the custom can get in contact with the compani and one of the contact option is mail . great , but what the heck is up with the lack of an email address ? they simpli write www.semvat.com , which either mean that they have no idea what the differ between email and websit is or that they want to hide the email address on their websit to avoid get too much custom feedback . 
