I am now at the pocono 's . hoooorrrraaayyyi ! ! ! had a great dinner . for all of you unfamiliar with the maryland blue crab craze , ( a big thing in the northeast ) , we had great crab . accompani with shrimp , clam , softshel , and fresh jersey corn . good begin to a hope great week . might go boat tomorrow , weather permit . fyi , woke up again last night cri with jaw pain . I think I just need to have it remov . go to bed and I am determin to not wake up again with pain ! also , paint the the ceil last night , but I will get into that later when I am not so tire . 
My bodi ha done it thi time ... and I thought the jaw pain wa tmj . woke up cri with horribl jaw pain last night , husband recommend I have an ekg becaus the pain ha been persist , often follow or accompani by short of breath . OK , I am a bit of a hypochondriac , I just thought it must be my asthma along with the fact that I am smokey the bear ( on crack ) . but appar I have had chang in my ekg , and now need to have stress test done to rule out , or in , ani ischem heart chang . great , move is now go to kill ME ! ! ! I did , howev , finish paint the bathroom , that would be the room which had the most aw , date wallpap that had to be strip , but onli the first layer of the paper came off so I final just paint over it . upon googl investig , thi is a huge `` no-no '' when renov , but I simpli do n't care . It actual look great , until moistur accumul for a prolong period of time in the room , then it tend to bubbl . I suppos the new owner will think they are in the amityvil hous . bubbl wall , wall that attack you , etc . the foyer is done in a veri abras sand paint , if you stand too close , it will bite you ! but the bathroom is now done and I am move on to the ceil . We final open the pool on wednesday , it look like pea soup and smell like my butt after paint all day . but we 've been tri to skim all of the green slime out of it and clean it up for `` open day '' on the market . So today we went out to turn on the filter and discov that a pipe may have froze and burst over the winter , result in the heater spew water and the pvc pipe spray green slime all over ani unsuspect pool-girl ! now we have to wait until pool care specialist can come out and fix said problem . happili I will be go to the pocono 's thi week for some much need rest and relax , although I will be accompani by one sister , two parent , to niec , two dog , a hamster and a guinea pig , so I do n't know how much rest I realli have in store . 
To downsiz , to upsiz , to reloc , whatev ... there are ton of good reason whi someon would want to sell their hous , but are the hastl worth the benefit ? I have been told that move is one of the most stressful thing a person can do in their lifetim . I believ , I realli believ ! ! ! there are obviou thing one must do in order to get their hous on the market ( renov , clean , maintain , clean again , and again , and again ... paint , quit smoke becaus it is undesir to have your hous smell like an ashtray , clean , sequest your belov babi boy ( pug name max , aka butter ) so he doe n't spray all over everyth you just clean , pay 6 % commiss to realat ( s ) , clean again and it onli been a week and a half ! much more to do , go crazi , stress , jaw pain , ahhhh , ... a thunderstorm just start ! final peac for today , until tomorrow , in six hour my neic graduat ceremoni begin . sleep . 
i 've post to your blog ! nanni nanni boo boo ! ! 
