I feel so seren right now . it 's rain outsid , i 'm drink hot tea , listen to mellow music , and i took some sinu medic to get rid of thi headach . right now i feel pretti good . doe it get ani better than thi ? 
So a coupl of week ago my friend , P , and I got to go to the clay aiken concert . We were realli excit . here we are befor the concert , feel all giddi : then after the concert , or cours , we went to wait by the buse . We not onli caught a glimps of him , but all of a sudden he wa walk toward us on the right , like thi : everyon wa freak out , and push and yell . then he walk closer , and he wa right in front of us . I touch hi arm , and I rememb feel hi arm hair ( weird , huh ? ) . P had a mini convers with him . He said , `` thank you '' right to her . We were veri excit , and thi is the great pictur I got : hey , we 're all in there , in some way ... 
I 'm a dork . It ha been two year . I can do math and read , exxtrem well . I should sleep now , sinc I think I 'm suppos to teach a piano lesson in the morn . It is difficult to teach when you 're half asleep . It can also be quit difficult to pay attent to what littl kid are say when you 're not focus , at all . 
It 's almost been two year sinc I set up thi blog . blog ! I have written one entri . mayb I 'll tri to rememb thing I 've sign up for ... My name is neonmojo . haha ! ! I wonder where I came up with that . I live with my parent then . thing are veri differ now . veri . 
I , like all other peopl , often wonder how other peopl see me . yesterday at work a ladi wa tell me about how my boss rave about me to her . how would he know how good of a singer/piano player I am ? He 's never heard me sing , and onli saw me direct and accompani a choir at choir festiv last year . I 'm pretti sure he 's go off the recommend of a coupl of my friend who love me , and therefor think I 'm wonder , appar . just for the record , singer hate it when peopl say , `` sing someth '' , and piano player hate it when peopl say , `` play someth , and singers/piano player hate it when peopl say , `` sing and play someth . '' all are someth that are best in perform , or spontan . I 'm veri bad on demand , in most case , anyway . hmmm , that could be veri bad . I smell like mosquito spray , becaus there were mosquito eat me aliv , so I spray some on . good stori , eh ? I wore my glass most of today . 
new song obsess whisper , whisper , whisper , whisper . I hear the sound of the tick of clock , who rememb your face who rememb you when you are gone . I hear the sound of the tick of clock , come back and look for me , look for me when I am lost . and just a whisper , whisper , whisper , whisper . whisper , coldplay , rush of blood to the head It 's been in my head a coupl of day . 
narciss continues- 
last night we went to the movi to see the villag . We were all readi in our hat . I look I 'm readi for the next episod of hee haw . hats=fun . 
look at the , like , 4 total post that I have , there certainli are a lot of pictur of me . hey everybodi ! ! look AT ME ! ! woooo ! ! Ok . I 'm fine now . 
tonight=hair die fun befor : after : the past few month I 've been want to make my hair darker , sinc it 's been grow out funni the past 2-3 year . tonight wa the night . It 's not perman , though . If I do n't ilk it , it 'll go back . but I think I like it . mayb I 'll go get it done profession , eventu . I 've alway want to do that ... 
