urllink yahoo ! new - iraqi have doubt over choic of interim premier : `` mani iraqi often complain they have never seen a member of the govern council walk the street or shake peopl 's hand . secur concern mean there is littl opportun for such contact with ordinari iraqis. `` So the guy current `` run '' iraq , who will help `` hand over '' `` sovereignti '' to a `` free iraq '' in a month , are do such a poor job that they can not go out in the street and meet the peopl they are supposedli govern . thi kind of `` govern '' sound like the duvali in haiti . onc the use of forc and terror stop keep the oppress at bay , these `` governor '' may have to seek asylum somewher . To me , the bush administr is set up iraq in it own imag : tend to the polit and econom need of the rich while care littl for the mass . thi approach is kill american in iraq everi day ; will it also sow the seed of it own destruct here in novemb ? 
urllink tomdispatch tom 's usual excel work is rais a coupl of question for me thi afternoon . 1 . when some suggest we need to 'stay the cours ' in iraq , what is the 'cours ? ' win the war ? thought we 'd done that . bring democraci to iraq ? what doe that look like ? can iraq be a democrat nation when we are build 14 perman base there ? can they realli be their own nation ? Is that what the US realli want ? Is n't anyon interest in challeng the bush administr into ask for a littl more detail on what a 'total sovereign ' iraq look like ? 2 . Is it just me , or is the militari in a huge hurri to court-marti the supposedli 'bad appl ' seven soldier caught in the prison so they can get thi issu off the front page ? these pictur have been out for about two week , and they have alreadi convict the first privat ? mayb I 'm just use to the slow-mov civilian court system , but it sure feel like thi ha move from ( again ) 'shock ' from the militari that thi wa go on , to nail the first crimin . are they hope that put these lowest-rank culprit in the brig will satisfi us enough that we 'll forget that knowledg of prison abus wa laid on rumsfeld 's desk month ago ? are these guy take the fall while rummi run free ? 
here 's anoth yahoo ! /reuter gem from thi morn . urllink yahoo ! new - u. . troop raid chalabi 's headquart in iraq : while testifi to congress yesterday about the decis to stop fund well-known ( unless you 're the bush administr -- oop , until recent ) crook ahmad chalabi and hi iraqi nation congress , deputi defens secretari paul wolfowitz said , `` there 's been some veri valuabl intellig that 's been gather through that process that 's been veri valuabl for our forc . but we will seek to obtain that in the futur through normal intellig channel . '' the next line of the stori say , `` u.s. offici have said they had doubt about the intellig the inc provid and about whether chalabi wa motiv chiefli by a desir for power . '' So there are doubt about the qualiti of the inc 's intellig , but wolfowitz said it wa `` veri valuabl . '' thi make the administr look like that cop in casablanca , shock to learn that chalabi might not be a credibl sourc of inform . whi are these guy alway the last to know ? 
I read thi on urllink yahoo ! new thi morn . `` presid bush said an interim iraqi presid , prime minist and other top minist should be select in the next two week . He plan to lay out a detail plan thi week for the handov he call 'full transfer of sovereignti . ' italian prime minist silvio berlusconi , a close alli under pressur at home to withdraw hi troop , came seek assur from bush that iraqi would take over their own affair . u.s. offici said secur forc would remain under u. . command . '' I 'm read over the last sentenc of each paragraph . how exactli doe a countri have `` full sovereignti '' when the secur forc within it border are under the control of anoth countri ? 
urllink tomdispatch tom 's work ( and here , that of robert manoff ) remind me of reagan 's deepest influenc in america today . In take our mind off vietnam and waterg , and make it `` morn in america again , '' reagan built the bubbl of unreal in which not just bush 43 but million of us now live in america . I think we see the world as we want it to be , rather than it is -- usual how conserv dismiss liber idea , but now how conserv do their busi -- becaus we could not take the pain . america 's role in the world -- preserv democraci , spread the virtu of capit and individu right -- the world that reagan saw as a wwii propagandist -- wa wilt by 1980 , weigh down by a question war , econom stagnat , polit corrupt . our nation ident wa be found fraudul . then came reagan , remind us of those gloriou new deal and marshal plan day , and we got to forget . unabl to defeat a peasant nation in asia , we challeng the soviet to outspend us on nuke . wound from congress ' check the presid 's power , we yearn to see the white hous glitter again . damn if it did n't feel great to be in america again . now we live with the consequ of those painkil . now the world hate us , and we refus to see it . now we are more addict to oil than ever , but we have done noth to get off the black junk . now we erod person liberti , and we say we feel safer . reagan 's morn ha morph into bush 's bubbl , in which we are the lone cowboy of justic , there 's no such thing as tax too low or incom too high , and we are the defend of good from a world of uncivil evil . It might feel good insid that bubbl , but it 's seal pretti tight and we 're run out of air . 
In novemb 1980 I wa five month shi of 18 , so I miss get to vote against ronald reagan . In 1984 I wa an idealist colleg student , read urllink the nation and sure that reagan wa not onli intellectu incompet to be presid , but overse an administr that wa subvert the public interest in the name of conserv caus and the self-interest of the rich and power . It wa easi for me to vote against reagan , and I wa aghast that a guy who look to be act presid rather than serv as presid wa re-elect so easili . reagan 's death last weekend ha left me with two reaction . first , listen to politician fall over themselv prais the great commun , I realiz just how far richard nixon had fallen from grace . I do n't recal hi death get nearli as much hush respect . Of cours , nixon remind us of vietnam and waterg , hardli the stuff of nation mythbuild , while reagan 's term recal defeat a real adversari ( at least in the nation conscious ) and litani of sentiment evoc of america 's great and valu . nixon = nation institut falter ; reagan = eagl soar over purpl wave of grain . I wa pretti young when lbj , truman , and ike die , so I did n't understand the level of our embarass over nixon until now , when I can compar tricki dick 's death to that of the gipper . No post offic close when nixon die . My other reaction is two-sid : either reagan make me see just how incompet , mean , and danger GW bush is , or bush 43 make reagan look pretti mild in hi convict . If I were bush , I would n't be bask too close in that reflect glow . It highlight the darker featur . 
