after spend a year in colorado , minnesota , and wisconsin with urllink americorp , move to ohio doe n't seem all that strang . beyond simpli want to spend time with a truli special person , I do feel that I am in the right place at the right moment . after mani month of intens polit agit , I have been abl to channel some of my anger into a job . I 'm current work as a canvass supervisor with urllink act , an organ commit to pursuad , regist , and mobil voter for the progress caus in urllink battleground state like ohio . the action of the bush administr would be much more depress if I felt complet unabl to do anyth about it . I 'm go to take some cours at urllink ohio state while I 'm here , and I feel much more motiv about it than I ever expect . after year of uncertainti and aimless studi , my fresh desir to work for social chang ha final given me a sens of direct . take time off from school wa precis what I need to do ; simpli push forward without ani clear object had onli been destruct for me . regardless of how I proceed , I 'm confid that my further academ pursuit will not onli be success , but meaning . 
I suppos it wa onli a matter of time befor I took a stab at repres myself here ( have alreadi sign up for the blogger account year ago ) . I 've work with web page , person and otherwis , sinc 1995 or so , but I had thu far resist thi format . To blog requir more express and commun than I 'd typic expect from myself . find that voic is one reason whi I 'm here - even if I 'm onli go to be commun with myself ... 
the pass of ronald reagan today , while not unexpect , present a moment to reflect on hi life and legaci as the 40th presid of the unit state . while he remain a polar figur for some , hi administr continu to serv as an exampl for conserv seek to build polit consensu . In it pursuit of a polit expedi urllink solut to the question of stem cell research , howev , the current bush administr ha undermin progress in a field of medicin that show great urllink promis for treatment of the veri diseas that afflict reagan in hi later year . while no one would suggest that bush 's reluct stanc contribut directli to hi predecessor 's death , nanci reagan ha strongli advoc chang the polici and support the type of stem cell research that could help prevent countless other from suffer the effect of alzheim 's , parkinson 's , diabet , and other recalcitr diseas . elect offici have a strong moral oblig to support research that will improv the live of their constitu , despit the vocal opposit of a conserv minor within the religi commun . just last month , mrs. reagan urllink express her continu frustrat : `` I just do n't see how we can turn our back on thi ... We have lost so much time alreadi . I just realli ca n't bear to lose ani more . '' 
