I 'M make meatloaf ! ! 
the best i can say is that the movi wa interest . also it wa n't veri great . i do n't have ani overwhelm recollect of the movi be bad per se , but consid i do n't feel strongli in the other direct either i believ that make it just anoth flick that bare hit par . 

monday night are now offici 'feel-good movi ' night . so whenev monday night roll around , be sure you 've got at least one flick pack full of the warm fuzzi . if you 're like me and not a huge fan of the genr , well , just do what you can to suck it up and take one for the team . i mean , it is offici , ca n't realli go against offici . 
went to church , did some necessari shop , sort through our collect archiv of photograph and put them in album ( or on the wall ) , clean the bathroom , ate some delici leftov , and i think that just about bring us to the here and now . i just realiz that the here and now ha just becom midnight so i 'd better get to bed so i 'm well rest for my upcom 9am phone interview ! ! if it 's half excit as it sound , i 'm sure the thought of fall asleep halfway through it wo n't even cross my mind . not one bit ... 
well , mayb i should say that i love good movi . i 've seen plenti of good one and more bad one than i care to recal . tonight i saw one that wa a pleasant surpris , the stepford wive . i wa skeptic when i saw the preview but there is some funni stuff to see , which is someth i never thought i would be abl to say about anyth that includ bett midler . it must have been the presenc of christoph walken , one of the greatest actor around , that wa abl to de-midl the movi to an accept level . even if thi is the movi i had to see instead of the chronicl of riddick ( two of my favorit thing in one movi , space and knive ! ) it turn out to be a nice night at the movi . i ca n't help it , when good movi come out i just want to go see them . if you get a chanc , go see super-s me . although it is sometim gross and disturb , it 's also rather funni and eye open . serv to reinforc my opinion that mcdonald 's food is the most disgust stuff i 've ever seen . 
yep , that 's what i do for the moment . the job thing is move along , i 've finish the preliminari screen for both job i 'm after so next come the actual interview . interview for sbc is monday morn at 9am and will occur over the phone . i wa told to expect to take one TO one and A half hour ! ! ! not realli look forward to that , but hey , who care so long as it 's a way to make some cash . the dell interview wo n't happen until the 23rd which suck . that 's where i 'd rather sit around for 40 hour a week but at thi point it look like i will just do whichev is will to donat more to the fisk fund . supers me wa a pretti funni flick , go see it if you can . appar the closest movi theater to where we live play a lot of indi flick so it will be interest to see what els show up there . it seem that launch.com is final begin to figur me out , i 'm not see nearli as much gangsta rap and booti music as i use to , which i count as a nice bonu to the alreadi free music vid stream to my comput . that 's it for now , i think it 's time for me to get dinner readi for my wife ! later 
who knew ? 
thi is me , in austin , on a differ blog . i 'm a marri man now . more specif i 'm an unemploy marri man . i 'm work on that though . right now it 's a toss-up between sbc and dell . i know that at first those might sound like some nice opportun , but both job are just work in call center . ahh , the prestigi life of a letourneau graduat . anyway , it 's nice to be in austin and it 's great to be marri to such a wonder ( and hot ) woman . updat to follow when the mood strike me . hey yellow project peopl , whi did miriam get taken off the blog list ? she 's such a great blogger ! 

it wa pretti nice just hang around the apt for a few week with noth realli to do . actual , if i could choos what i could get paid for do , it might veri well be for that . howev , see as no paycheck were arriv for me , i start my job at sbc thi past week . it 's not veri fun . well , i can see how some peopl might think it 's fun , but thing like 'learn game ' and 'group activ ' have alway rank extrem low on my list . at least the first week is done , now i onli have 13 more week to finish the train cours . that 's right , 14 gloriou week of train . 14 week dure which i 'm allow to be late twice or i get fire . but it 's someth i can endur , pretti much just becaus it pay me a lot of money and i like money ( as doe urllink my wife ! ) . i 've got to get use to be gone from 7:30 to 5:30 ( darn traffic ! ) , but mostli just the get up at 7. not have earli class my last semest wa great , but now i need to readjust . anyway , i 'm go to see spiderman 2 tonight , so that should make everyth better . 
