sometim it seem like I 'm the onli who ha move on ... . spend a week at your parent 's hous is often a humbl experi . you come back to your root , and realli get in touch with yourself -- especi when you 're get as much `` Me time '' as I am . I basic have no friend here ani longer . and sometim I wonder what realli happen . It seem like over night I went from have a great time here -- ton of friend , alway out at bar and parti , never home to watch TV or play on the comput -- to have no one . and the weirdest part is ... they 're all still best friend , and I 'm the one on the outsid . At time I can compar my friend here to a cult , at least my girlfriend . there were five or six of us , and we did everyth togeth -- work , went to the beach , bar , movi , shop , liter everyth . It seem as if we never did anyth without all of us there . and I never realiz it , but look back , we were never veri good at invit other peopl into the circl . sure , we would meet other peopl when we went out , but the five of us would alway arriv at place togeth , in the same car . parti in high school and after we graduat , it wa the five of us . but we never invit just one person to hang out with the group of us -- we 'd alway meet up with everyon els . We were veri particular about who exactli we 'd hang out with . and usual there wa never just one of us that went out on a given night -- we alway came as a group , or at least in two or three . I never realiz that we were probabl alien ourselv from a lot of peopl who would have realli like to have been friend with one of us . but at the time , I thought it wa the ideal situat . then , I think I grew up . and they did n't . somewher around the time I turn 21 , just come back from be abroad ( which , by the way , I wa accompani by one of `` the group '' ) I start to think it wa all bullshit . I felt more foreign come back to my hometown than I had live in an foriegn citi for six month . suddenli , I did n't want to alway hang out with the same group of peopl , and littl quirk about each of them began to grate on my nerv . befor I knew it , I wa turn down the invit to go out everi night with them becaus I felt , well , out of place . I ran out of thing to talk about with them , and got tire of the same thing happen all the time . fight with the same ex boyfriend that happen when we were 17 were still happen at 22 and 23 . I guess I start to feel like I wa move on and chang , while everyth els just stay stagnant . and whenev I wa around them , I wa on the outsid , look in at their friendli convers and have noth to offer to it . and so now , after be in the real world for a year after colleg , the differ between me and them is all the more appar . I do n't even talk to them anymor . I 'm home for a weekend and they all know I 'm here , and no one call me , not even just to say hello . sometim I wonder what I did . Is it realli that I grew up and they did n't ? I do n't know . sometim I think that I alien myself from them . mayb that 's true . I just stop care about the same old bullshit happen in their live . becaus it wa the same old bullshit . It wa like they were still live their high school live here , and I wa over it . sometim , it realli piss me off . the truth is , unless I stumbl upon them in a bar , or randomli show up at the same parti as them , I would never hear a word from ani of them . My best friend for so long , just toss me asid without a pass thought . No call , no email , no invit to see them for a weekend . noth . I convinc myself I 'm better off without their bullshit . that if they can drop me that easili , they were never that great to begin with . but even that make me feel aw -- the peopl that I trust and care about for so long were never worth my effort . At some point I 'm go to have to face the fact -- the fact that it 's time to buri these peopl in that graveyard of friend come and gone . but the hardest part of let go , is that on the surfac , the onli thing that ha chang is that I 'm not there anymor . for them , everyth is basic the same . 
the hous arrest is continu , not by choic , obvious . I had a bit of minor oral surgeri which turn out to be not so minor . what wa suppos to be a 20 minut quick in-and-out appoint turn into an hour long hassl complet with six stitch to the bottom of my tongu . I had gone in to thi whole thing veri mellow , just want to get it over with , not nervou at all . howev , ten minut into the ordeal , my heart wa race , my knuckl white from grip the arm of my chair , eye water , and jaw ach . both my dad and the oral surgeon were supris that the cyst be remov from the bottom of my tongu wa so larg and the surgeon appolog numer time for the length of the proceedur . So , sinc tuesday afternoon , I 've been eat onli mushi food , take vicodin for my pain , and rot in my hous . My mom basic wo n't let me leav . she seem to think that vicodin is much more potent than it realli is . I understand her not want me to drive a car -- total accept . but she would n't let me ride a bike , christ , I 'm surpris she even let me walk from the couch to the bathroom . despit all her over-protect , I have to be thank -- she did go out and buy me coffe ice cream , and made pud and jello for me . and I have manag to escap the hous for a few hour here and there . T minu 6 day and 1 hour . `` T '' be my departur time for the airport . It realli ha n't hit me yet , that I 'm leav in less than a week to spend close to 2 month in europ backpack . mayb it 's the vicodin that 's not make me think clearli , not allow me to grasp the concept of 24 hour day and 7 day week , and wednesday be closer than I believ . actual , mayb the vicodin is realli help in thi situat -- I feel like I should be more stress out than I am , have more run list of thing to do and number to check and bag to pack than I do . I feel like I should be freak out , but I 'm not . In fact , I think I 'm more concern about find time to get to the beach in between appoint and meal and errand than worri about be out of the countri for the next 2 month . mayb it 's becaus my travel partner ha been much more concern about it all than me , and hi worri is make up for my lack of worri . It 's like we 've trade place recent . I wa alway the stress one -- if I wa go away for a weekend I 'd be the one make list of thing to bring and thing to do 5 day in advanc and he 'd be the one throw shit togeth befor work on friday . I like thi mellow me -- it 's like back to the old day , when I wa 18 or 19 and did n't give a shit and alway left stuff to the last minut . what happen when I turn 21 and 22 that made me such a nutcas ? thi unemploy mari is realli fun to be . I hope I can keep her around in septemb . back to my haze ... 
there 's noth wors than the hampton on a raini day . and even wors is a raini end to a weekend . for all their hype , thi place can be suffocatingli bore -- especi without the sunshin . If you think about it , the onli thing to do here dure the day is to go to the beach , and when that option out , you 're not left with much more . sure you could walk around ani of the villag , or attempt to go shop , but with the traffic , that 's not even an option . I would go to bridgehampton or east hampton and casual stroll through the villag , pop into all the store where I could n't afford a sock , let alon an entir outfit . and drive the few mile east to get to them would n't be such a bad thing , but drive back would be an absolut nigthmar . not to mention the fact that I 'd just be tortur myself by see all these wonder thing that I could never afford . So basic , I 'm left with noth . I 'm just sit in my hous , rot . stare at the wall , flip through the channel , play minesweep endlessli . stuck anyway you look at it -- anywher I go I 'm go to have to drive west at some point , which is not an option today . I ca n't even go to the movi -- becaus that 's what everyon els is probabl do , and I hate go to the movi when the theater are pack . I ca n't complain though , saturday and sunday were gorgeou . you 'd think I 'd be use to thi by now -- have live here all my life , and spent everi summer here , you 'd think I would have found a way to pass these long raini day away . twenti three year in and I 'm still hopelessli search for someth to bide the time ... . but here I am , 1pm , trap in my own hous . 
sometim my own insecur amaz me . I tri to so hard to come off as settl , content , normal , when most of the time , the real me doe n't fit that bill . I use to think that all my troubl would be gone if I were prettier , if guy hit on me more , if I had a boyfriend , if I lost 10 pound , if I had a tan , blah blah blah . I want to be vain . I want to be beauti . but I wa n't . the truth is , I wa chunki . not fat , but ... `` slightli overweight '' . and becaus of that , I wa so insecur , so sensit , so shi . and I did what most overweight girl do -- I tri to play the part of the funni one . Is n't that what usus happen to the `` big girl '' ? In most movi , she 's never the one to get the guy , never the one to get the true happi end . and thi wa me -- no happi end , no perfect boyfriend , just sarcast crack at everyon that I am secreti jealou of . and believ me , thi is not an ideal way to live . you make fun of all the girl walk through the mall with perfect bodi and golden tan and abercrombi tank top and all you want is to trade place with her for just a littl while . So I becam one of them . I lost the weight , bought a new wardrob , got tan in the summer , highlight in my hair . I care what I look like -- I made sure my outfit wa nice , my makeup look right , that I did n't look fat . and you know what ? It wa n't ani better . sure I got hit on more in bar , and sometim I 'll get whistl at walk down the street . and it 's kind of flatter ... . but through all thi chang in appear , someth chang insid me too . I had everyth that I had want when I wa a teenag -- a good bodi , a cool wardrob , tan in the summer and a great boyfriend . but someth wa differ . I wa more matur . but I still had the same insecur . take the last post as an exampl -- even after all thi self-real and chang , I still get stress out when an old friend call and ask me to go out . I still get work up into a frenzi becaus I do n't feel like go out and get wast and do the same old crap that I did in high school . I 'm inscur that thi old friend will yell at me , or tell me I 'm a loser , and thi is redicul , becaus what do I care ? I see her two , mayb 3 time a year . and her opinion of me realli should n't matter thi much . As my mom told me thi morn , I do n't have to go and make up excus if I do n't want to go out , it shoudl n't matter . If I do n't want to go , I do n't want to go . yet everi night , I end up in the same argument with myself . 
It 's close to one month of unemploy for me . and no , I 'm not some drain on societi suck away at the govern 's unemploy program . I do n't think it 's avail to me anyway . be unemploy is n't that bad -- as long as you find a way to keep yourself busi . It wa n't hard at first . I came home to spend time with my famili , and I wa constantli kept busi that week . then I went back to my apart and began the search for a new apart , start look into the pain task of move out of the current apart , and work hard on my tan . I went to a few concert , an amus park , out to a coupl bar . I wa content . but now ... now the realiti of unemploy will set in , if onli for a few day . I 'm current live at my parent 's hous . I 'm still young enough and poor enough to be abl to consid thi hous my `` home '' . I 'm told by my older sibl that there come a point in time when you 're establish enough to be abl to call some other town , state , countri , whatev , your `` home '' . I have n't gotten there yet . and at thi rate , god onli know if I ever will . live here is n't so bad -- provid that I do n't wear out my welcom ( which would take a lot . ) the onli problem is , thi town is just stink of my old life -- the person I use to be . and even whi I tri to be the new me here -- the confid , normal , happi me -- someth alway bring me back . I wa do fine . I figur that sinc none of the peopl I knew in high school were around , it did n't realli matter if I went out or stay home . It did n't matter if I went to the librari instead of the hip bar . I rode my bike around , I went to the beach , I went shop with my mom . It wa great . I relax , hell , it realli felt like I wa on vacat . then tonight happen . It 's a friday , on a holiday weekend , and I guess you 're `` expect '' to go out . but in all honesti , I just did n't have it in me . So I did n't even bother call around to see if anyon wa here or even remot close to the area . until 10pm , when the call came to me ... . one of the old friend -- friend of a differ time , a differ era -- call me up and ask me to go to a bar . now , for the normal person , thi would be a no brainer , ye if you want to go , no if you do n't . simpl as that . but for me , noth is simpl like that . truth be told , I do n't want to go . thi particular friend ha someth of a reput for be a terrif flirt , and if one end up go out with her alon , chanc are you 'll be left fend for yourself after a while . and tonight , I realli wa n't in the mood to fend for myself -- especi amongst a crowd of old high school buddi that I have n't talk to in at least a year , like more than that . I just could n't bear to do the `` catch up '' convers over and over again . I just wa n't in the mood . So I get tongue-ti on the phone , make up some lame excus about be tire , not in the mood , blah blah blah . she probabl bought it . problem solv , right ? well , not necessarili ... . I end up spend half the night feel like such a damn loser becaus I do n't want to go out . even though there 's no ration reason for me to feel that way . I start wish that I wa back upstat in my apart with the boy , get high and watch the famili guy or play a game of dart . I start hate be back here . It 's so strang for me too , becaus I use to love thi town . I love all my friend , the nightlif , the parti , everyth . then someth happen , I guess I chang , and noth and nobodi els did . becaus they 're all still best friend , and still love thi place , and I 'm the one on the outsid . I tri to tell myself that I 'm the strong one in thi situat -- that I 'm the one who is take chanc and move on and grow up , instead of stay close by my home town and keep all my high school friend and do the same shit I did five year ago . but most of the time I ca n't tell whether that 's just me tri to make myself feel better or the truth . It 's thi constant struggl when I 'm here . So my `` vacat '' end up be a big stress event where I work myself into a tizzi wonder whi I distanc myself from all these peopl instead of stay the same . but chang is someth you ca n't stop . 
