hey everybodi . It 's almost 9 here on sunday night . I feel like my mind is in a haze ... I ca n't seem to motiv myself out of it , and that troubl me . I mean , there are so mani thing I can , or should , be do right now ( write , schoolwork , read , watch dubcheck 's place , go out with frank ) . I dunno . I mean , sometim it feel like I 'm perpetu half-asleep , and the onli reason I get anyth done is becaus I go on auto-pilot , and my bodi allow me to run through the motion . pretti pathet , I know . 
got home from no thrill . i let eazy- drive home , and we had a good time tri to teach the parallel park . she gave me a super sweet note , which made my day . i wa suppos to have exchang gift with the poss today , but i heard paul and debbi got in late from their folk , so i guess that is held up until later thi week . i did get my gift from capt and heather ; in addit to a cool book on moviemak and a simpson clue game , i got a ric flair dvd set . not someth i 'd want too mani peopl see in my collect , but i know i 'm gon na watch it ! : P 
hey gang . thi is my most recent attempt at keep some kind of onlin journal . hope it is a tad more success than the last , and by that i mean that i hope to updat thi more frequent than the old version . i want thi weblog to tri to keep a close focu on the evolut of my first movi product `` servic with a smile '' , which i hope will begin shoot soon ( read thi , rita my dear ? ) . but i wo n't be surpris if some other aspect of my life find their way in the door to thi site . i hope i will not go into rant mode too often . today i 'm go downtown with eva . i got ta return a shirt my brother got me for xma ( it 's a shade larg ) , and the plan is to go skate after some shop . say a prayer for me . 
what is up ? just a few short note : * rita is do some veri hard work to get the piec togeth for shoot next week . let 's all wish her luck and offer our help in put togeth thi huge jigsaw puzzl ! * i just bought an agenda . let 's see if it help me becom organ . * i met with lawyer today . not as much fun as it sound . * let 's say a prayer for sophi , my supervisor at the store , who lost her dad thi week . * tricheck is off to croatia on monday . let 's wish him luck . visit hi onlin galleri soon at urllink www.tvrtko.net * short-chang swindler suck ! * anyon need a pain-in-the-ass sibl ? 
hey there all you cool cat and chick ! i 'm stay home thi saturday night becaus i suck . actual , i suck and swallow ( at least accord to clara anyway ) no , actual , i 'm stay home becaus i realli do n't have the energi to do anyth too strenuou at all . I have work everi day sinc the 13th , and i do n't have a day off until the 30th . in other word , darrel is a veri dull boy . i wa pleasantli surpris when i went on lo angel radio station kcrw 's websit ( urllink www.kcrw.com ) yesterday . i wa hope to tune into one of elvi mitchel 's show while i tidi my room , but instead i , complet by accid , stumbl on episod of the hitchhik 's guid to the galaxi . i had hope to have a listen to these for a while now and could not find them , so to come across them so inadvert wa quit a treat . if you are at all interest in dougla adam , and have realplay instal , check out urllink http : //www.kcrw.com/show/hg . what can i say ... i 'm a closet nerd . i hope to have a big announc regard the movi soon , but i have to keep quiet for now . check back here in a bit , and wish me luck ! 
just got back from have coffe with a few old pal . we gossip a bit , told a few funni stori , and gener had a laugh . ever have one of those night with old pal that make you wonder whi you have n't gotten togeth more often ? tonight wa one of those ... last night i went out with the poss ... it wa fun . happi birthday go out to my brother brian ( 26 ) and pauli of the poss ( 28 ) . thi is the first updat sinc i reformat my hard drive becaus of the `` porno '' viru . i lost a few file , but i save most everyth . thi 'll teach me to do regular backup , and not to open strang file from the net ! 
what is up my peep ? just a quick updat for y'all ... first off , work is stress me out a shade . i realli should be look for a full-tim job right now . i 'm get paid crappi money for do two even crappier job , and i think it 's about time that chang . i just cring at the idea of be stuck in some bore stiff tie for the rest of my life with a bunch of stupid dork work around me . secondli , rita is work realli hard to get thing readi for shoot . thi encourag me , which is good , becaus for a littl while there i wa n't so convinc that thi bird wa go to fli . so thank you rita , if you are read thi , and good work . i am go to work on some of the rewrit tonight ... noth too extrem , just some touch up on the dialogu and the backdrop to account for the chang in climat . i might add a `` hot shower scene '' for tricheck , too . 
it is my birthday today ! 27 ! boy , i 'm so age : ( serious enough though , i had a superb birthday ... the best i can rememb . went to mass , ate a big breakfast , includ pancak , went for tea and did some write there on a futur project , and then home for pizza and ice cream at night . i 'm so stuf and so veri content . and i got some groovi gift . chuck e. chees mayb next week for pauli 's b-day ! serious , i want to thank everybodi who gave me birthday wish , and those who were kind enough to spend their time with me . love you all , esp . miss nitsch ! pleas rememb not to genuflect while receiv communion ... it hold up the line ! 
word up . director-boy here . just want to say a few thing . first off , i 'd like to thank everybodi involv in the shoot the past coupl of weekend . everybodi , from liz , julia , and gari behind the scene , to jennif , bryson and greg in front of the camera , and paul and franci , who fill in superbl in dual-rol cameo perform worthi of some signific industri talk , did a great job and i am humbl impress by their effort . special thank go to justin , for hi hospit and talent behind the camera , terri for hook up the michael power gig , and jordan and the crew from tu tu tango for the food and love ; your generos is truli appreci . super-duper-special-thank go to rita , who , as queen-produc ha hook up most of the locat and equip while rid ourselv of burden and dead-weight that ha hamper us in the past ( cough , cough ... no comment ! ) . excel work ! i had dinner at the nitsch clan 's last night ( and i promis binder boy anoth speak part ... i 'll have to think up someth for the sweeti ) . pork chop and blueberri pie ! my eye have been open to a grand new world ! and i must say that thi weekend might have been the best ever . from the mcflurri on friday , to saturday 's banana split , to sunday 's pie a la mode , it wa a blast ! ice cream overload ! the compani wa way better than the dessert , though ! more laugh thi friday , i hope . big shoot day ! peac out . 
hey ya . well , i 'm cranki as anyth . between get thi movi happen , work 7 days/wk , look for work , and lenten sacrific , i 'm exhaust and stress . i have n't felt thi tire and zombie-lik in some time , and i 'm think it 's not for me . not that i 'm complain about my lot in life ... i 'm healthi , and happier than i can ever rememb be . and i 'm veri grate to have some veri cool and special peopl around me , even if i do n't get to see some of them all that much anymor ! i bought a coupl of use book a coupl of day back ... but i have no idea when i 'll get a chanc to read them ! i 'm in the middl of `` east of eden '' and `` hitchhik 's guid '' still , but i start those book in september/octob and i 'm nowher near finish ! i have like 5 new book that i bought that i have n't even crack open yet ! shame on d ! go to computerfest thi saturday with paul and binder boy . i do n't plan on spend much money ... but it 's so darn tempt ! 
1 ) el capitano turn the big 3-0 today . let 's all hope he ha a grand ol ' birthday . i went out with the poss on saturday for the first time sinc januari , and we had a good time with our stori and silli . 2 ) i 'm veri excit about the new direct we are go with our lead charact , alfr morgan ! sometim good thing happen when you least expect them to ... 3 ) had my first day off yesterday sinc ash wednesday ( 17 day work in a row ) ... and i play photograph in the park . that wa fun ! ( now i know what `` brunch '' is ! ) i met up with mark `` pee wee '' sultana afterward ... look like he took a job away from hi friend . save the drama for your mamma ! 4 ) i becam `` alpha-darrel '' on saturday ... i got all rile up and assert myself with thi guy i had a signific beef with . i hope it doe n't becom a regular occurr ... i 'm realli not a guy who look for fight , but if i need to i will stand up for myself and those i care about . do n't f*** with d-z ! ! ! 5 ) tricheck is , onc again , a sellout . 
darrel here . if i ever knew earli on that make a movi wa go to be thi frustrat and problemat , i am not sure it would have been an endeavor i would have dare undertaken . i might have just tri to sell the script or mayb not have even bother . it seem that everi step forward is follow by a swift shove propel us back to where we start . well , although it ha n't been easi , we have gotten thi far and i am not prepar to fold up shop now . i love my cast , i love my crew , and i think thi is a script that could realli entertain some peopl . now , it 's just a matter of find the miss piec of the puzzl and do my best as director to make sure that thi is fulli realiz piec of drama . i am not go to comment on anybodi in particular here , but i would like to say am not at all upset that certain peopl are no longer involv in the make of thi pictur . i ca n't deni that i am a shade disappoint , but i am not upset . i do understand that thi is veri much a labor of love , so it doe not bring me ani great discomfort to know that some of the peopl who have been involv in thi pictur are no longer contribut . we all have our own agenda and our own prioriti , and we need the peopl involv with thi pictur to love do it and to be excit about the project . those peopl who do not share that same passion and desir can spend their time do more product thing , and i wish them luck with that . just one opportun lost ... someon ask me today if we had put the word out to `` off '' one of the aforement former contributor to thi pictur . i repli that as of yet i had n't , but that i wa take estim ! : ) i must say that given the new lower prime rate , execut are becom increasingli afford ! 
hola amigo i hope you 've notic the new look of the journal/weblog . i decid to get a blogger account becaus it will allow me to archiv my post easili without have to do all kind of code ( which actual might be benefici to me becaus i have n't program much late ! ) i might tri to update/polish thi site soon with some tweak ( photo , video , etc. ) ... keep visit and hope you 'll find thi to be a rather impress site ! 
my day so far : 9:00 - wake up . 9:30 - my mom tell me that she is go to the store , the bank , and the dri cleaner . i feel a bit bad that i ca n't drive her on her errand , as my car is in disrepair . i wish her well on her day . 9:35 - stumbl out of bed . 9:45 - raisin bran is good . got ta stop eat it though -- too much sugar . 10:00-11:00 - i do n't rememb much about thi period . i brush my teeth ... and i think i look through yesterday 's newspap . 11:00 - tri to prepar my tax without account for my busi expens . wow , i owe that much ? ! ? 12:37 - got a phonecal from a nice girl with a nice voic . i feel nice . 13:30 - i just got my mastercard bill . wow , i owe that much ? ! ? oh year , and my mom made me scrambl egg with toast . 14:32 - i 'm go to get readi for work , my 22nd day in a row . adio ! 
here i am sit at my desk write thi stupid post . i 'm in a rather crabbi mood , so i apolog in advanc if thi sound a bit pissi . first off : no frill is not fun secondli : my head hurt with thi movi stuff thirdli : i have a new phone # ; if ani of you want it , email me at darrel @ slightlyimperfectpictures.com more to follow ... 
