aloha ! ! I am now back at canada ! thi summer is soooooooo bore , and it is just too hot ! I realli do n't want school to start . I will be in grade 8 , and it will be realli hard . well , my brother is bother me ( noth new ! ) so , buh-bi for now ! 
hey everyon ! ! ! ! thi is my first blog , and I am in detroit visit my cousin , and her dog sunni ! ! well , I will come up with someth more interest next time . So ... . C YA later ! ! ! ! 
bonjour ! I know that my blog are bore , but I have noth interest to write about . well , I have read quit a few book over the week ... I read awak and dream ( by kit pearson ) , the dare game ( also by k.p ) , the great gilli hopkin , and I just finish the ski is fall . I do a lot of read , sinc we do n't have a t.v . when I am not read , I am on the internet , studi , or help my mom . My cousin , sahithi and her famili are go to come on august 15th , so life might get excit again ! So ... . AU revoir ! ! ! 
hello ! guess what ? we went to port elgin with my cousin from detroit and we had soo much fun there ! we went to the beach , and there were humong wave , and we were crash through them ! but my cousin had to leav the next day , but we were gon na stay there for anoth week . So , on tuesday my brother and I went to see the movi `` sign '' . the rest of the week went by , on thursday we went to a restaur call `` jangl '' ! then , when we were come back to toronto , I beg my parent to take me to one of the mani farm we pass by , so that I can actual see a hors up close . I guess i wa lucki that day , becaus not onli did my parent take me into a farm , but the farm owner were walk their 2 hors after give them a bath . they were brown hors with a patch of white on their muzzl . one wa a 3 year old boy name scat , and the other wa a 4 year old girl name willow ! they were magnific ! ! ! that wa the end of my trip to port elgin ! ! c ya ! 
Hi ! guess what ? ? ? ? ? I went to camp last week ! camp wenonah wa the best trip I 've ever been to ! ( other than our india trip last summer ) It wa extrem fun ! We stay there for 3 night , with our friend , in bunk bed ( i got the top one ) , and our cabin wa call elm ! the ppl in my cabin were nousheen , catherin , kim , teresa , teriann , aditi , traci , and jana . when we got there in the afternoon , we ate lunch , and the instructor intoduc themselv ... . there wa john ( nickname- gordi ! ) , mellisa ( alic in wonderland ! ) , matt ( matti cake ! ) , bootsi , simon , and derek ! then , we went to our first activities..cano ! too bad though , just as we were get into the cano , there wa ligtn and huge thunder . So , we had to play other game till later . befor dinner , everyon wa hang on the deck , attach to the eat lodg , well anyway , everyon wa talk when suddenli i hear a ear-split crack , i jerk my head toward the sound , and what do i see , but a huge tree crack ! the piec fell on the ground . It wa scari . then , everyon got call in to eat dinner . dure the trip we did activ like kayak ( it wa fun ! ) , outdoor adventure- where we had to build a shelter , intiatives-w had to jump from one swing tire to the other , co-op games-w had to work as a team to solv the problem , orientating- use a compass , rock climbing- almost made it to the top , vertic playground- had to climb on rope , and tire , did n't even tri , and of cours archeri ! At the campfir everi night , we sang sing like `` there wa a great big moos '' , and `` mmm mmm went the littl green green frog one day '' and lot more . We also play the wenonah stock exchang , which wa okay , and on the last day we had monster reali . all the kid get split into 2 team , and each person in the team ha to do someth like kayak , or sing `` O canada '' while pour water into a bucket . I had to put a broom to my nose and run in circl 10 time . I wa veri sad to leav , know that i will never go back again , but at least i got to go ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
hello ! I am still at sahi 's hous . today is the last whole day we will be soend here . We are leav tomorrow afternoon ! well , yesterday we went to the detroit scienc center , and we watch a thing in the planetorium , and we watch an imax movi ( jane goodal 's wild chimpanze ) ! It wa fun . We were at the scienc center for about 5 hour ! On the way back , we pick up some video , and then the adult drop us three off at home , and they went shop . So , we put in the lord of the ring , and relax with popcorn . At around 9:30 , they came home with pizza and breadstick . I wa starv ! ! after we ate , I wa sooo tire , but I sati awak beacaus we were watch sontham , and that movi wa hilari ! after that I had to drag myself to brush and chang , and as soon as I lay in bed ... I fell asleep ! 
hey ppl ! merri christma and happi new year ! well , christma alreadi pass , and new year is yet to come ! anyway , I got 20.00 worth of chucke chees giftcard for christma , and yesterday we came to sahi 's hous . So , I am type thi from her hous . thi mone anna , sahi , balakrishna uncl , sunni ( their dog ) , and me went slede in the park . It wa fun , except that my hand and feet were frozen ! We will be stay here till about sunday afternoon ! I hope it will be fun . yesterday night we watch a movi with paresh rawal in it , and it wa soooo funni ! I think after we eat lunch today we might go to the imax theatr , but I do n't know which movi we will watch . I 'll tell you later ! bye for now ! 
hello ! we are now back from our detroit trip , and soon we will be at a new year 's eve parti ! 
salut ! it ha been quit a long time sinc i took the time to blog . anyhow , onli 18 more day of summer ! ! ! aaahh ! well , today i am go to the movi with my friend : cindi , sherri , michel , sunita , and neesha ! we 're gon na watch tomb raider 2 . all four of grandpar are here from india . they came on august 2nd . At that time , sahithi , and her famili were here , so we all went to pick them up at the airport ! they will be stay here for about 6 month . By the way , i do n't think i mention yet that we are have a huge parti on the 30th to celebr aswin anna 's 18th birthday and graduat . We invit about 150 peopl , so it will be lot of fun . well , I got ta go now , have to go to the movi . adio ! 
hihi ! ! ! aswin anna 's birthday parti is come up in exactli a week ! we have been veri busi prepar for it . cook , buy , clean ... u kno the procedur ! today sunitha akka and saritha akka are come from new jersey ! onli a few more day of holiday left : * ( I realli do n't want to start high skool . aswin said that it would be veri hard , and i du n't feel like studi ... .who would ! well , mummi is call me to help her , so i have to go ! bye bye ! 
hello ! it 's been almost 4 month sinc i type here ! wow ! high school start and it 's pretti hectic . So much homework and soo mani test ! aaahhh ! anyway , it 's the christma holiday now ! no school for 2 week ! we 're go to daddi 's place tomorrow morn , and we 're go to come back on the morn of the 24th . sahithi 's famili is come on the even of the 24th . It 'll be soo much fun ! well , i got ta go and help mummi pack rite now . blog to you later ! ta ta ! 
hola ! one week of christma holiday are alreadi over ... so fast . On saturday we went to raji aunti 's housewarm parti , and on saturday we set out to daddi 's place in bruce for one last time . We stay there for three day and dure that time we mostli play card and watch TV . On tuesday we watch a movi at the port elgin theatr - mona lisa smile . It wa okay , though the theme wa confus . On wednesday even sahithi & famili came over with a surpris guest ... mahesh babai ! ! for christma I got a discman with a car kit from santa clau ! I got a sweater from sasi attha and lot more . the rest of the time we watch movi ( kal ho na ho { veri good ! } , dil , and ownu , vall-iddaru ishtapadaru ) , and we talk . sahi , anna , mahesh babai , and I also went to watch the last of the trilog of lord of the ring - return of the king . It wa extrordinari ! ! ! ! ! the best ! today we went to choudari uncl 's place for lunch and we came back at 5:00 , and they all left back to detroit soon after . that 's all for now ... onli one more week of holiday left befor the terror of high school and exam start again . until then ... adio ! ! 
hello ! it 's been sooo veri long sinc i type here ... just becam busi with schoolwork i guess . anyway , one month of summer vacat is almost over and onli one more month to go . at the start of vacat , praneeth anna came to visit us for two week and we had soo much fun ! we went bowl , pool , and watch movi . we also went on a trip to quebec citi , which wa tremend fun fun fun ! ! the citi itself wa so beauti , and along with that , all the antic we saw there like mommi tell time , the lakshmi bomb man , etc . actual , today praneeth anna is leav to india from detroit . I 've been do volunt work on monday and friday at the hospit , but other than that and help mummi ... . im do noth els . well , that is all for now . i will serious tri to updat my blogspot frequent as it is summer holiday anyway ... so tata ! ! 
