when i woke up , i felt like ass . i feel drain and sick and sleep depriv . i could n't even move my neck . i still ca n't . i had egg for breakfast but have yet to have the time to read the south beach book . i got home from work after 1 a.m. and woke up earli to write articl . i 'll probabl be at work even later tonight too . i think i may paus thi diet for the weekend . carri is go away and i have no plan . so , that buy me the time to read the book . i 'll figur out the right thing to eat and come back renew on monday . as the weekend progress , i 'll write about what i find in the book . sinc i have a hard time figur thi stuff out , mayb peopl can help me along the way . 
for dinner i end up have a bbq chicken breast and parmiggiano reggiano from wholefood . that place is so damn expens . i spent $ 16 on dinner and i did n't even get french fri . sheesh . i 'll work on read the south beach book tonight sinc carri is annoy at me now that i 'm reli on her for inform . 
i 've decicd to tri the south beach diet and blog about both my humili experi and my horribl failur . today is my first day on the diet . it 's 3:00 and i alreadi am not too much of a fan . on the other hand , sinc i do n't eat ani meat besid chicken and turkey , it wo n't be too much of a setback . be italian , though , i eat everyth with bread . be from philli , i have french fri and ketchup with everi meal that is n't pasta . but , sometim , i 'll eat fri with pasta too . yesterday , i decid that today would be my first day on the diet . so , carri and i went out to dinner and i had my favorit huge meal : a doubl turkey burger and fri from the citi grill . thi morn , i woke up and realiz that i have little-to-no idea about how to actual be on thi diet . carri wa fill me in on the blank sinc she did it and lost weight on it . i rememb three thing : 1. no carb . 2. lot of chicken . 3. lot of peanut . for breakfast , i had 2 heap hand of cashew . they were laura 's cashew . so , i should probabl buy some to replac the one i ate . for lunch , i had half of a chicken breast , cook in balsam vinegar and serv over a bowl of lettuc with , guess what , balsam vinegar . i 'm drink lot of water becaus the vinegar ha made me feel lighthead . for dinner , i 'll probabl have scrambl egg . i like do thing backward . the onli thing is , i do n't know how to figur out if i 've lost weight or not . our scale suck . on ani given day , it 'll tell me i 'm anywher between 150 and 260 lb . my weight fluctuat quickli but not that quickli . 
