I 'm walk through union squar park thi morn . headphon on . donovan 's `` where is she ? '' come on . It becom thi amaz soundtrack for walk letharg through the park . everth 's in slow motion . and I 'm look at the peopl on the bench . It 's all surreal . these face . these blank , tragic face . stone face . face of mad , especi thi cigarett smoke-wrinkl woman , heavi eyelin , defeat and stare at dog and smoke . the guy with palm press togeth chant ... and me still walk slow , becaus it 's the way I feel . and donovan walk with me ... 
`` It 's not that I hate peopl , I just like it better when they 're not around . '' - bukowski My favorit line from the film `` barfli . '' and on night like tonight that line reson like cattlecar cross sidecreek ... whatev that mean . let me see if I can explain it further ... So tonight I hit the holiday ... lot of kid in the joint . loud , obnoxi fucker who play classic rock on the jukebox . grant , I can appreci the stone . and I 'd like to thank the individu who play `` let it loos , '' which I think is almost as great as that bukowski line . but a man can onli take so much greatest hit of the door , ccr , tom petti and the like ... and I 'd also like to thank the individu who play nick cave 's `` into My arm . '' but unfortun all these loud fucker were ruin the song for me . all right , yeah , I know I sound I 'm bitch and whatnot , but there are time where I do n't mind peopl be loud and have a good time and all that shit . but I just wa n't dig it tonight . anyway , then these fucker come in and sit a seat down from me . and they 're talk all sort of bullshit ... and that 's when the next and shoulder start tighten up . the jaw start tighen up . suddenli all these voic start to get louder . and I 'm tri to figur out which one of these guy should have hi face smash into the bar first . but I take a few deep breath , finish my round and vacat . then on the L train more mad . I 've got the headphon crank and I can still hear thi chick talk to thi guy right next to me . and I 'm think , jesu , she 's six inch from the guy . doe she have to talk so loud ? hell , I just want to listen to tom wait in peac . and the train 's pack . and the time it take to get from 1st ave. to bedford seem like hour . but at bedford a lot of peopl clear out . anoth deep breath . So now I 'm back at the crib . listen to erik sati . neck and shoulder still tight as fuck . I 'm tri to decompress . and write thi is help cut through all the mad . I just need to get thi shit out befor I go to sleep ... 
I 've been itch to hear some buck nake and the bare bottom boy late . damn , I wish I still had the CD . great stuff . If anybodi know how to get a copi of the CD I 'd greatli appreci it . and if you have n't heard these porno-billi cat , tri to track down the CD . unfortun buck wa shot and kill in golden gate park while walk hi dog about 10 year ago . 
hell , now I 'm start to think that I shoulda just call thi fuckin ' thing `` girl and subway '' or someth . It 's all I 'm write about so far ... and I guess I should keep the theme rock with some more girl I saw at the 1st ave. L stop tonight . So it 's around 1 am . I 'm wait for the train . My face is feel greasi from the humid and sweat all goddamn day . yeah , I know I 'm a sweati bastard from time to time , but today I wa extra sweati becaus it the hottest , most humid day in month ... anyway , I wa wait for the L. wait a long time . but it did n't matter becaus I wa stand near the stair . all these leg start walk down the stair . but the first pair of leg I see to realli get me wa thi gal who realli knew how to work them . pink high heel . and thi funki black with pink design getup that show a lot of leg . and she had that strut . I do n't know , sorta like a stripper strut or someth . then she 's wait near the edg of the platform . she 's do that thing that chick do where they 've got one hip higher than the other , realli flex the leg . and all the guy are check her and all that bullshit . then the train go the other way come and make her littl skimpi one-piec get-up blow around , expos more thigh . she 's read the voic . then a section of the paper fall on the ground . she wait a few moment . and in those few moment I imagin I 'll she 'll pick it up . I imagin her bend over , leg stretch , expos panti and all that . but she kind of squat , pick up the page and put them in the trash can . then there 's the girl read the latest new yorker . she 's got black jean on . black halter top . black bra strap stick out . labyrinth book shop bag hang from her left shoulder . she ha love shoulder . and I 'm think how I 'd prefer with a girl with love shoulder who read the new yorker to that chick with the leg who read the voic . then I start think how none of thi realli matter sinc I 'd probabl never have the ball to talk to either one of them ... 
I wa on the G train again last night . and I 've alway dislik thi fuck train becaus I 've got to wait a long time . probabl the worst damn line in the nyc subway system . the onli train that doe n't run into manhattan . but what suck is that it 's the closest one to my crib . anyway , I 'm on the train and thi girl get on . blond . remind a bit of juli delphi in `` befor sunris . '' incident , I 'm read a stori about the sequel to that movi call `` befor sunset . '' I had the headphon on , mayb tinderstick . I heard the conductor say someth , but I did n't catch it . turn out the train wa run express . I 've never been on the G when it ran express . but they 've been do a lot of track work or someth late and it 's been fuck thing up , make the wait a lot longer . So we 're pass all these stop and I 'm tri to figur out what 's go on . the blond stand up after a few stop . she look confus . she walk over in front of me and ask me a question . I do n't hear her . I take my headphon off and ask her to repeat what she just said . she ask what the next stop . turn out it wa bedford-nostrand . We 've pass her stop . So we both get off the train . she goe up the stair and I see her come down the stair on the opposit platform . and it wa one of those slow motion moment . one of those moment if it wa in a film there would be some realli cheesi music play while the guy see the girl of hi dream walk down the stair . she 's pull up long skirt a bit while she walk down the stair . and I 'm awestruck by thi situat . now see , if she would 've had a short skirt on , it would n't have work at all . but the fact that she had a long skirt on and she wa pull it up , show her knee , calv and ankl . man , it wa magic . then she 's got her back to me . and I think I see the tag on her panti through the skirt . the skirt come down to just abov her ankl . and dammit , she ha wonder ankl . the back of the ankl were sculpt and streamlin . wonder . 
the girl with the magic leg So I get on the Q train thi morn . I sit down . I look across from me and see thi boot . A slight variat on go-go boot . black boot that go up almost to the knee . then I look at the knee . wonder knee . then the thigh . magic thigh . short skirt . jesu , thi wa all to madden for me . I wa terrifi to look at the rest of her . So I get out bukowski 's `` note of a dirti old man '' and I tri to read . but I ca n't read . I just use the book as an excus to look at her knee and thigh . I mean , I 'm tri to appear as if I 'm read . hell , I did n't want to seem like the full-on perv . and even though I 'm a bit of a perv I like to keep it myself . I do n't like to stare . A guy ca n't be to obviou . I like to be sli when I 'm look ... anyway , I just keep glanc at the word on the page . then the quick peek at the magic leg . I final get the courag to look at her face . On first glanc I think she ha the face of a librarian . mayb it wa the glass . the face did n't seem to go with the rest of her bodi and outfit . but somehow it all work . and with each quick glanc at her face , the more sexi she becam . At one point she pull back her skirt a bit and scratch her thigh . that magic thigh . then the cross of her leg . all of thi madden . meanwhil , I 'm think that thi is the kind of woman I could look at for long period of time . I 'd go 10 subway stop past mine just to look at those thigh , knee and boot . I 'd come in an hour late for work . jesu , anyth to look at the leg . At the train pull into the canal street stop she uncross her leg . she 's readi to get up . she start dig through her purs , which give me longer time to look at her . and I can almost see up skirt . the train stop . just befor she get up , she open her leg just a tini bit and I wa incred close to get a panti shot . So close it wa madden . although I wa go to get off at the next stop , I consid get off at canal street to follow her and look at the leg and the rest of her . but I decid against it . I would have much rather had her sit directli across from me so I could look those magic leg . and not hord of guy on the street look at those leg ... 
pleas bear with me while I tri to get thi bitch rockin ' ... I 'm start fresh here . new blog name , same dement writer . someth wa tell me I need bust out from under that bukowski shadow that I 've been lurk in . and as a wise man one said , `` We alreadi have one bukowski . Do we need more ? '' 
just came across a mighti fine urllink site dedic to the world of wacki album cover . wa especi pleas to find a few littl marci cover in the mix , includ thi one : for those of you who do n't know about littl mari , get thee to the urllink marci zone immedi . 
sometim I tri to figur out who 's more mildli insan - me or the rest of the world ... yeah , it 's trite horseshit . but I think about it sometim . and mayb `` mildli '' is too mild of a word . hell , just plain insan is more like it . then , at time like thi I put on `` pet sound '' and grasp for clariti . mayb I 'm grasp for clariti . mayb I do n't where the fuck thi go ... and sometim that 's a good thing . now I can the TV upstair . most of the sound is travel through the vent near my kitchen , which I 'd imagin connect the to the kitchen upstair ... there 's a lot of scream , gunshot and bullshit . I think I need to put the headphon on , mayb some `` pet sound '' and sleep . 
not a lot shakin ' late . No bigtim action , ya know . sure , there 's the daili check out chick on the subway and all that bullshit , but it realli get bore to write about ( and probabl read about ) after a few time . but hell , everi day it 's a search , man . look for someth . what , I 'm not sure . Oh yeah , someth I forget to mention wa see urllink A skin too few , a nick drake documentari that recent play at cinema villag in nyc . It wa n't a bad film . and while I did learn a few more think about nick , I felt like the director could 've tri a bit harder . grant , the guy did n't have much to work with as far as video goe , but I think he could 've interview more peopl . paul weller talk briefli about how nick influenc him and whatnot , but he wa the onli musician interview . nick influenc a hell of a lot of peopl ... 
just got word the first print issu of urllink facsimil is in the workd , but they need peopl to pre-ord it befor it actual goe to press . Ya know , the order pay for the print and all that ... So do it , pleas ... 
