spartacu aka `` sparti the parti boy '' 
lordin ' over the doggi ... ( photo taken last year ) 

that 's varinia , peek from behind the laptop ... 
tabitha . and the true love of newbi 's . 
cleo sit in the overgrowth in our backyard . 
tiger , my pretti boy . 
I love those word . I have hundr of book on my `` To Be read '' bookcas . 
look what I got from kathi for my birthday ! As you can see , it fit perfectli with my new easi chair/ottoman set ( which arriv last week after a 12-week wait ! ! ) . thi is a closeup of the fabric for the set : I love my chair , ottoman and the lamp ! thank to the comfi chair and the read lamp , I 'm read a lot more these day . Hm , I think you can see mousehol and her white paw peek from behind the chair ... 
cleo in the backyard , rest . 
spartacu , a dedic squirrel watcher ... 



I took thi pic in pitch-black dark and the result is brilliant . A closeup of the mum . 
cleo gaze intent across the backyard . As the backyard is alway bustlin ' with small anim such as possum , mole , chipmunk and squirrel , especi in the overgrowth , I can never get her attent as long as we 're on the backyard deck . 
our front porch . best place to be dure spring and autumn day . that is , when newbi is n't smoke hi belov cigar in front of me . 
He 's provok cleo into a bark fit by mug face at her . 
varinia , up to her trick again ... 
drive by the `` alter '' nyc skylin ... 
Do n't ask me whi , but thi wa my veri first sight of the NH state capitol ever ... 
the oval window in our room at bloomsburi bed and breakfast , in easthampton , MA . 
drive over urllink tappan zee bridg . It wa taken through the windshield and it came out pretti good . 
just had to get rid of pre-travel nerv ... 
befor tiger wa sit in my chair and relax on a hot , lazi sunday afternoon ... but now tiger 's all bug-ey and no longer relax becaus I vacuum too close to the chair , oop . 
ugh , it 's so hot out ... poor cleo languish on the backyard deck in the 95-degre weather . yep , that 's birdi doodoo next to my babi ! 
noth like a great book and great pasta for lunch at the mall after shop . 
My sweet babi , miss mousehol , enjoy the morn sun . the pic wa taken with the camera sit on the floor , so she wa look at it , not at me or you ! 
I thought a black-and-whit kitti snooz in that chair would be a nice touch for thi photo , but urllink miss mousehol would think none of it . : -/ 

An insect- plant , in happier day . mousehol kill it thi morn . 

9/11/01 

My littl girl , varinia . the smallest , the lightest , and the sweetest of all . 
I woke up at 6:30 in time for my lsd ( long slow distanc ) ... to a truli gorgeou morn , so I just had to go sit out on the backyard deck and just space out for a few minut . when it look like newbi wa sleep for a littl while longer , I got a cup of coffe and sunbath for a few minut . I enjoy the feel of warm sun ray mix in with lick of cold air on my shoulder . then , reluctantli , I had to get up and go walk . At least , it wa a perfect walk weather . 
tabitha and her reflect eye . 


... chang color alreadi ! 
... a clean and sparkl kitchen . : - ) I do so love my kitchen . It 's a perfect place to be at earli in the morn when it 's too chilli outsid . note the sun danc on the refriger . 
spartacu enjoy the beauti autumn morn ... 
drive along the virginia countrysid ... thi build stand at the begin of a villag that is onli one block long . newbi persu wine list in the foyer room while we wait for our tabl . happi thanksgiv ! the drive back home the photo doe n't do justic to the beauti of the countrysid sunset back at home ... hope you all had a nice holiday ! 
when cleo wa a puppi , she use to bark at the camera all the time so we could never get good photo of her ... but now she just bare *tolerates* , as you can see in her face , hehe . hard to believ she 'll be 10 in januari ! 

urllink thi week 's challeng at urllink photofriday.com ... oliv oil and red wine vinegar 
urllink tiger and mousehol love to lay on the ottoman , howev , one of them can onli be on it or there 'll be a catfight . but just for me , they grudgingli pose togeth for thi photoblog . A second or two after thi photo wa snap , claw suddenli came out and I had to chase them off the ottoman . heh ! 
urllink what a way to start the summer season ... 
urllink when I let cleo outsid , she immedi captur a huge dragonfli that wa hover on our deck . I never ever notic the insect , and I wa so aghast that I made cleo releas it from her mouth . It wa still aliv but pant hard in the sun , so I brought it out of the sun into the dark overgrowth . 
urllink A finish cross stitch kit . I start it last fall after receiv an order from a scrapbook want a cover for her halloween album . I wa to finish it on decemb 1st , but I wa sidelin by injuri and holiday plan and wa n't abl to finish it until now . Of cours , the scrapbook is no longer interest in it . I 'll probabl put it up for sale at ebay in the end , but for now , I just want to hold on to it and enjoy it . It wa such a fun project . 
urllink I have to sweep dead cicada off the front porch everi morn befor I can sit and relax with my book . We 're lucki we 're not exactli swarm with them thi time becaus there ha been so much develop around here ( new subdivis , new school , new hospit , new metro station , and new bypass ) over the last 17 year . 
urllink In case you ca n't figur out what the photo is about , that 's miss mousehol cover her delic nose with her dainti white mitten . she alway sleep in thi way , for some reason . 
urllink I collect vintag alfr mainzer dress anim postcard . I prefer the belgium # 4850-4998 seri , which were print in the 1940 's and 1950 's . I first discov these postcard while surf on ebay back in januari of 2001 and immedi fell in love with them . By earli last year , my collect of 148 postcard wa complet ... except for the postcard number # 4897 . for some reason , the belgium postcard had never shown up on ebay , though the other seri of the same postcard is not so rare . So two week ago , I paid a visit to the mainzer postcard page on ebay and my heart stop when I realiz the auction wa from the belgium seri . To make sure , I email the seller to see if the postcard wa realli print in belgium and she assur me it wa . I then won it via the last-second snipe . It arriv in the mail over the weekend , and now my collect is offici complet . 
urllink My sweet boy tiger grab some early-morn ray in the kitchen ... urllink ... and then my darl littl girl , cleo and mousehol enjoy the mid-morn sunburst between cloud . 
urllink I found the figurin of the bless virgin mari and babi jesu in our backyard while mow the lawn soon after we move into our hous back in 1988 . It wa dirti after be half buri , and the top of her halo and her feet had been broken off , but I could n't make myself toss it into the trash bin . I also had no idea how to dispos of it properli , so I just stuck it in the silverwar drawer . after 16 year , it 's still there . 
urllink taken last monday . It 'd been rain all day , and as dusk wa about to arriv , there wa a sudden spurt of sun . It wa so bright that one could see it reflect on those leav . 
urllink next goal : finish the cat ! 
urllink miss mousehol `` help '' daddi pack hi stuff for hi summer job ... 
urllink that 's where newbi will be work thi summer . It 's realli a veri pretti campu and all the build on it are stonehous . urllink At newbi 's aunt and uncl 's hous . like cleo , cosic ha her own sofa . like cleo , cosic doe not toler camera veri well . 
urllink back from the librari . 
urllink everi monday , I 'll post a wip ( work in progress ) photo of my current cross stitch project . I need someth to get me go ... I go 3 , 4 , 5 day without touch it . that 'S not good ! finish the window sill and pane . next goal : flower , plant , doili and sideboard . here 's the model : urllink 
urllink cleo and I looooooooooov sit in the new chais loung . for a princess , cleo can be incred filthi . with that in mind , when I 'm not use the loung , I flip the cusion over to the `` wrong '' side ( translat : dirti and soil from her past use ) to protect my `` right '' side ( clean , of cours ! ) from her use . howev , I left the loung for a few second ( just to grab a diet coke from the refriger ) without flip the cushion and when I return , cleo wa alreadi on it . then I recal that a few minut earlier , she had been busi rub `` stench '' ( ya know , from wild anim ... ) all over her fur on the grass . can we say , `` eeeewwwwwwww ! '' now I got ta clean the cushion and dri it in the sun for a few hour . there goe my bliss afternoon of read . grr . 
urllink well , sparti wa stuck under the bed again thi morn . I wa so maaaddd ! I 'm ach all over from the strenou activ of dismantl the king-siz bed yesterday . I did n't sleep well last night becaus of the pain , so I decid that if there wa go to be the dismantl again , newbi would do it , as soon as he came home from wherev . sparti would be fine where he wa ... it wa n't that life-threaten . So there . I shower and dress , unload the dishwash , pop in a load of wash , and straighten out the famili room . and fed cleo , tiger , and mousehol , and prepar three dish with med for the older kitti . when the dish were readi , I let the older kitti in . guess who came in first ? sparti ! He manag to unstuck himself all by himself . for food , not for me ! 
urllink sparti almost scare me to death thi morn ! I realiz he wa miss at feed time thi morn . come to think of it , I did n't see him last night either when I went to bed ! I did not want to stress newbi out in case it wa unnecessari ( he had some import appoint today that he could n't miss ) so I wait until he left and then start look for the darn cat . As a last resort , I start look under all the bed though I knew he would n't fit under ani of them becaus he is a big babi and weigh over 30 lb . I final found him under one of the guest bed , total stuck . I had to dismantl the bed so I could releas him . poor babi ... he peed for a long time and then gulp hi food . He 's do fine now . I 'm such a bad mommi ! : - ( 
urllink urllink darn . who knew ? 
urllink We opt to stay home and watch the funer process on TV rather than travel to DC and be `` touch by histori '' ... though we onli live across the river from DC , we 've learn from mani year of experi that it 's better to stay home if you want the `` front-row view '' of an occasion/ev , so ... presid reagan wa the one who had the greatest impact on where I am today ... I wa rif' ( reduc in forc ) from my first feder govern job ( 1981 ) , work for the peac corp in the philippin for two year ( 1982-1984 ) , got a job offer to work at the pentag0n ( 1985 ) , but let go due to a `` poor perform review '' *long story* ( 1986 ) , got anoth job under a `` schedu1 A '' ( disabl ) program ( 1987 ) and then lost it due to a conflict of interest *anoth long story* ( 1989 ) . yet , I 'm veri , veri grate for thi quirki direct that led to my present happi . 
urllink see those kitti like thi warm my heart in a bittersweet way becaus I know thi moment is so fleet . besid be elderli , between them they have arthriti , blind , diabet , heart murmur and obes . My babi . 
urllink birthday girl varinia urllink birthday boy spartacu 
urllink thi is lia , an ador tonkines belong to a vacat coupl we are friend with . So far , she 's do all the stuff that I 've train my own kitti not to do so . slide paw under the bedsheet in a play way is the worst ... appar , lia like to `` buri '' her toy under the sheet . and , oh my gosh , but she prowl at night . she 'll be with us until august 16th ... so far , I 've had noth but sleepless night and endless fetch game everi night . becaus varinia and mousehol , who are domin type do not appreci intrud , lia ha to stay in our bedroom behind a close door . I do so love her hazel eye though ... 
urllink tabitha 's sound ( heart , lung , etc . ) are still normal . but the vet did point out that her left paw seem quit crook from arthriti . other than that , tabitha is do pretti good for her age ... she 's 16 . 
urllink be declaw ( he came to us like that ) , tiger is exclud from the kitti ' monthli visit to the vet 's to have their claw clip . 
urllink A 3-d birthday card I got from my sister kathi . It ha the thing I love ... cat , book , craft , etc . there are seven cat , which is what I have irl . too cute ! 
urllink the back yard . urllink the front yard . be a `` tree-hugg '' , thi is alway a veri traumat time for me . howev , be in a near-trop climat , it 's a necess if we want to keep ant and other pest away from the hous . 
urllink I took out the bow that the orang tabbi wa wear in the model . whi cross stitch design alway put those ridicul bow on cat , I do n't know , but they do n't wear them in real life ! though the kit doe n't ask for much backstitch , you can tell from thi photo that it badli need it . I 'm now work on the blue valanc , so will post anoth photo as soon as I finish it . 
urllink today mark five whole year sinc we lost tabitha 's sister , sabl ... tabitha is sit behind a needlepoint pillow . It wa given to newbi in 1982 after hi cat , samantha wa put to sleep . like tabitha and sabl , samantha wa a sealpoint siames . except for the six year between samantha 's death in 1982 and our adopt of tabitha and sabl in 1988 , newbi ha never been without a sealpoint siames or two hi whole life . hi grandmoth wa the one who instil in newbi a love of these cat . she wa in the habit of adopt pair . So newbi grew up with two pair of sealpoint siames . the first pair wa lucif and tinkerbel . tinkerbel wa run over by a car at a veri young age , and lucif live to be about 25 year old . though lucif ha been gone sinc the 1960 's , the famili still talk about him . the second wa samantha and scarlet o'hara . scarlet o'hara wa put down at age 9 after she wa bitten by some wildlif , and samantha live to 17 year old . 
urllink A while ago I read in a cross stitch forum about needlecraft mysteri paperback . I rare read mysteri anymor , but I wa veri , veri intrigu by them . So when newbi said he wa head to the librari , I ask him to check out one of these book so I could see whether I 'll like it or not . well , he brought home the entir seri ! ! : -/ I have to admit they look realli interest . Oh well , you know my plan for thi week ! : - ) *adjust and pat the cushion on my deck lounge* 
urllink taken at breakfast thi morn . alway the veri first in the kitchen at breakfast , I could n't interest her with her dish for a while . our backyard ha realli been taken over by wildlif , provid fascin entertain for our furkid ... all the greeneri in our backyard is all swollen and lush from the mani torrenti rain we 've had late thi summer . 
We 're expect a hot and humid 4th of juli holiday weekend ! stay in a cool and dark room . keep hydrat . turn on the air condit . stay away from the direct sun . > ^..^ ^..^ 
urllink On a hot and humid day like today , varinia like to cool off on our glass coffe tabl in the live room ... 
urllink It contain the full dmc 472-skein floss set . It wa a steal at onli $ 110 , rather than the $ .55 per skein = $ 259.60 that the local needlework shop normal sell . and the prioriti ship wa free . I order the set in a hissi fit after find a great chart , onli to find out I wa out two color . 
