urllink thi is my current desktop wallpap . I got it from spoonload . thi is also my first hello pictur post . 
I use to have a blog on blogspot through blogger , but the templat wa bore and there wa much to be desir in their servic . but blogger is back , and under googl , they have made mani new chang . I love the new templat and cvomment among mani other new chang . I am also abl to have it under my domain , so that alway a good thing . more to come later . 
I 'm still aliv , just busi with camino . sorri I have n't updat in a while , but I 'll be back to blog soon . two week left and I 'll get to have a normal summer . Ca n't wait . I have anoth blog urllink here but I wrote more for thi one , in case you need someth to read . that 's is all for now . 
It 's been awhil sinc my last blog , becaus I move into the dorm at texa state univers as am RA to the camino program . It 's a lot differ than it wa at the high school , more walk and especi becaus of the hill , ut it 's been cool , food 's alright at the dine hall and everyth . I have some journa ; entri start from sunday when I move in , but I onli have 5 more minut to be at the librari over here befor I have to take the student I have with me back . I alreadi miss my regular life , especi sinc I have no contact with anyon els sinc were busi with back to back activ and class . anyway , look like that it for me today , hope I 'll be back tomorrow . 
too tire tooo think or write , but I want someth new on my blog . today wa a tire day , but I might go out a lil later with some of the guy that have been help with our leadership session at camino . for more on them , check out urllink silicon valley debug . that 's their group and the magazin they put out . they 've done wonder with our kid thi week . 
urllink As you can see , I 've chang my background again , anoth one from spponloads.com . thi is my most recent screen cpture of my desktop . anyway , just thought I 'd share . happi friday . 
today wa our second day at camino . camino is the summer `` camp '' I 'm work at . I put quot around camp , becaus it 's not a normal type of camp . It 's for next year 's ninth-grad and they are all at-risk kid . they come to the local high school at around 7:30 a.m. , check in , eat lunch and then they start a math problem solv session where they break up into five tabl , allthough they are all work on the same thing and from the same teacher . after that , we break them up into group of five for leadership activ . anoth facilit and I work with a group of 12 and work on some fun leadership activ and game . We spend about an hour and a half on that befor we go to lunch . then we get back up into our core four group . I get them togeth and walk them to technology/multimedia class and sit and monitor them for 50 minut , then to world geographi , algebra and english at the end of the day befor they go home . It 's from 7:30 to 5 p.m. for the first two week at the high school befor we move to the univers ( texa state univers ) . We 'll be stay in the dorm with them , so when we 're not sleep we 'll be work with the kid . It 's a great program for the kid , and just now after the second day , it 's quit an experi and some fun along the way . well , cant type forev , got ta be back there at 7:30 a.m. tomorrow morn , so I guess that 's it for today . 
It 's been awhil , but I just thought I 'd let everyon know I 'm finallli here in san antonio on my second week of vacat . It 's been fun adn I 've enjoy spend time with my famili . I have n't dpne too much yet , but it 'll probabl get a lil busier next week . anyway , I 'll write more and recap when I get back home to san marco . 
yet anoth of my newest desktop . I design thi one when I found out the spur sign brent barri . I use a pictur of him in last year 's sonic uniform and sinc he share the number 31 , I use malik rose 's jersey and bruce bowen 's short to give him hi new spur uniform , especi sinc he ha not offici been introduc or photograph as a spur . hi jersey number may chang bc malik ha been there longer , but you never know . urllink 
thi is my newest graphic creation . I decid I want to make a retro michael jordan wall and tri out some grung brush at the same time so I came up with thi . It 's not exactli what I want , but I still like it . btw , the summer program I had been workj for six week end yesterday . I 'll miss the kid and it wa sad t see them go , but I 've beeen wait to have my life back . I should be go down to san antonio by wednesday and that 's where I 'll be for most of the rest of the summer . urllink 
I had n't done a wallpap in a while , so I decid to bust thi toni parker one out . It did n't take me too long and it will be posi on the new spur web project I am work on cooper with anoth web design . urllink 
