yesterday I wa about to throw in the towel for parent and then I woke up thi morn and realiz that thi is my last `` offici '' day of be a stay at home mom . It 's been a wild journey , but well worth it . yesterday I could n't wait to go to work tomorrow , but now today I 'm all weepi . So I plan on make the day worthwhil , after I get a few thing done thi morn . mayb a trip to the park , or a bike ride with the 3 of us . mil should be here around 5 or so and then I 'm off to my 1st ever pta meet tonight where I 'm actual a `` P '' instead of a `` T '' lol . B came home last night in a grumpi mood until he saw that I fix him hi favorit dinner ( chicken/broccoli/alfredo pizza ) . We talk about earlier in the afternoon and such . He agre that it wa just as much hi fault as mine and just chalk it up to a miscommun and thing were fine . I am stage a boycott of new network . now , I 'm not talk about my local channel , or even the cb , nbc , or abc nation new , but mainli the 24 hour news network . I ca n't even watch them for a minut anymor without get so irrit becaus of the blatant bia in their stori . 
It wa 4:27pm , we had just drop off Em 's playdat friend . the hous wa a mess and I need to get some thing down . I put all the chair on top of the tabl , countertop and couch to vacuum . the phone rang and it wa B scream at me about a car repair bill from back in may that he told me to pay ... .the day befor we move ( I wa in a manic stage of pack and clean , etc ) . I rememb him tell me now , but I did n't until he said someth about the time I could get a word in from hi scream I heard a crash . nan had gotten up on the tabl from the couch and then climb on the tabl and up on the chair on top and the chair adn nan came crash to the floor , I wa tri to sooth her and make sure she wa all right all the while B wa interrog me about thi bill . He found out about it as he had to have some more car repair ( to the tune of $ 150 , which he told me last night he could fix it himself for $ 20 ) . I wa tri to explain to him that I must have forgotten dure the crazi of everyth and the fact that I never got a bill or he never said a thing about it again , when emale start scream that throw a tantrum that she wa hungri , nan is still scream and when I final got everyth calm down I hear from the other end of the phone , `` well if you ca n't give me a straight answer about it go f*ck yourself '' . nice real nice . I tri to call him back twice to tell him what wa go on and how I wa preoccupi and he kept answer the phone and then hang up on me so I said , `` screw it '' . I fought back the angri tear and turn on the vacuum to which it explod dust and quit 2 minut into the clean . I 'm not sure whi I wa more upset , the dust everywher or the fact that it quit yesterday and he said he fix it . I just went into my room and sob . I feel as though I should be feel happi to be spend these two last day with the girl befor I go to work , but I ca n't get out of the hous fast enough . I suppos one of the reason that I 'm type thi out is so I can see it later when I 'm upset that I '' m not home veri much . lol . I just feel that I 'm becom less and less toler . Oh well , finish dust . 
I 've been neglect my blog big time recent and I have to apolog . I did n't get all my link set up or the fact that I 'm just behind ... .period . I have a lot on my plate as I 'm prepar for mil 's 9 day visit to come and help take care of the girl when I start work , my aunt , uncl , cousin , grandmoth and great-aunt are on a southern carribean cruis and I 'm stuck take care of all the plant , mail , newspap , and anim . that in itself is a full time job recent . I go back to work after a 27 month hiatu on wednesday . B ha start 2 a day footbal practic late and leav the hous at 6:00am and doe n't come home until 9:00pm , plu there are work cloth to be iron , and shoe to be polish . I 'm not even go to start clean up the hous until tomorrow becaus right now I have 2 jack russel terrier ( eddi and ladi ) run around my hous dure the day . they are my aunt and uncl 's dog . one good thing is that Em and nan are have a blast with them around and nan ha n't had ani sort of reaction thu far . Me , I 'm just hang on and tri to get use to a new schedul . I promis that there will be more in a littl while , I 'm just pop on for a second so that I can get a few thing done ( pay bill ) , but I '' ll be onlin later when nan take a nap . 
I chang the templat for the blog and lost everyth . sorri for the inconvi , I 'm sure it wa just the cosmo tell me that I need to quit bitch and whine and think about do someth more construct . 
