note to self : stop read pretenti hipster bullshit like urllink pitchfork . Oh do n't look at me like that . It pass the time . 
yay christma ! and yay for My bitchi and total untradit famili ! We have no tree , we 're go to see return of the king tomorrow , we get to open our present tonight , and we 're have yummi chicken curri for dinner tomorrow ! yeah , bitch . addendum : yay for urllink HD and hi awesom mix tape ! 
brother : you can be kind of a bitch sometim . mother : well , you do get on peopl 's nerv sometim . wow . happi fuck holiday . 
thank you for the comic , urllink paul ! way to be total awesom . 
total saw the return of the king yesterday ( which might also be call the best day ever ) . It rock harder than your mom , but you alreadi knew that . some other thing of note : - shower are fun . veri fun . - I score in the ninety-seventh percentil in the verbal section of the psat . My math score ? We do n't talk about that . - all I want for christma is a urllink trogdor hoodi . - sometim I 'm so california it hurt . I went to see the revolut will not Be televis , which I thought wa veri interest and entertain , in berkeley . also ? I find it hilari that eddi izzard : dress to kill is recommend for those that enjoy the revolut on imdb becaus I love IT SO much . It is christma winter break and you may be sit at home wonder `` whatev will shanti be do to occupi her valuabl time over thi joyou holiday ? '' then again , you might not . I will , howev , answer my own slightli megalomaniac question : absolut noth . chanc are there will be a coupl more awkward famili fight that result in my brother not talk to me for four day . ( I 'm sorri I did n't know it 's not cool to joke about the lubric you leav out in plain sight I will avoid do so at the dinner tabl next time ok thank bye . ) I wan na be your wife , you can beat me everi night . 
hott - roll out of bed and head to a starbuck in a posh part of town wear no make-up and your pajama . whi ? becaus I want a gingerbread latt , natch . - make out with cute boy in car . - correct spell and proper punctuat . - ride the trike around toy R Us on a saturday night . We rock 1526 % harder than you do . - the decemberist . I will total have your babi if you take me to see them at bottom of the hill on jan. 15th . No , serious . nott - Um . you . - get the fact of life speech from your father . boy are onli after one thing you say ? well gee , thank for the heads-up . ass . - thi insan super flu . I do n't want to alarm anyon but I might be die a littl bit . - that littl wrinkl you get between your boob from wear a cardigan too long . - miss the urllink frontalot show in SF becaus you did n't check your email earlier . 
An open letter . It hit me with the forc equivil to a drop kick in the face . you 're a total asshol . you 've been one all along . how could I not see that ? mayb I had some rare form of brain cancer . I do n't know . you grate on my nerv . everi littl thing I overlook for the sake of it just irrit the sweet ba-jesu out of me . from one manipul bitch to anoth see you in hell . 
Be honest now ... Is it complet nerdi of me to want urllink thi for christma ? Ok I can deal with that . 
So as you can see I 've got a whole new look . differ address and everyth . I did n't think it wa possibl , but event in my life have left me 5,482 time more bitter than when I first start out . bring it on , you bitch . the more you beat me down the angstier I becom . I am a fuck emo machin . 
mordant . 
note to self : best.weekend.ev . 
thing I did not do today : fight the power . trust whitey . Go to school . see cohe and cambria at bottom of the hill . anyth product . thing I did do today : lock myself out of my goddamn hous , dammit . polish off an entir packag of milk chocol milano cooki . Do n't look at me . watch the creek . that 's pretti much it , actual . My life is sad . 
My hometown is total name-check in that new urllink the network song . yeah , the context is pretti accur . 
*sad face* I have the sniffl . 
today 's public servic announc friend do n't let friend drink and dial . 
urllink these are the best panti ever . I want to buy everi pair on the face of the planet and live in a giant pile of them . Is that weird ? 
urllink urllink which takeshi 's castl charact are you ? 
did I ever tell you guy about the sexi dream I had about urllink corin tucker ? Hm . nevermind then ... 
what is new in my life . In bullet point . - I have a new boyfriend . ( yeah yeah ... ) He definit doe n't suck . In fact , he kind of rock my face off . and also , he ha tech TV . - I 'm complet obsess with lingo , thi shitti show on the game show network ( whose websit blow , by the way . ) I tri to find a fansit but I ca n't . and mayb that is for the best . - I 've been procrastin like hell and final are a mere two week away . fuck me . - sheeplovr2 : nothgin better then post messiah birth sex - quick survey : what is your favorit flavor of jelli bean ? 
My beauti , shini red honda , she is total . thank to a drunken asshol in a truck slam on hi brake for no appar reason . the next thing I know I 'm slam on my brake , stare at hi god damn trailer hitch , and collid . My glass flew off and with my fuzzi gimpi vision I watch him take off as fast as he could . I put the car in park and got out , survey the damag . I 'm not quit sure but at some point I think I actual fell to my knee on the pavement and yell `` khan ! ! ! '' I ca n't make sens of whi my life is in such a bad way right now . My mom 's last day of work wa fuck yesterday . what am I go to do ? frankli I think thi is jesu punish me for hate hi movi , which I saw earlier in the even . At least no one wa hurt . 
I current ca n't stand : condescend nerd My grade the fact that I actual start tri to do well and I 'm repaid with a big old kick in the ball . the ball that I do not possess . worri weekday thi god damn rain when I am forc by the public school system to stand outsid for thirti minut dammit . sad daffodil die on my desk ... Oh fuck it . No one care . not even I care for chrissak . 
two peopl I have crush on becaus I am weird : the new mayor of san francisco , urllink gavin newsom . Oh you know power is sexi . and also ? urllink mike patton turn ME ON . yeah , I 've been listen to A small victori ( faith No more ) nonstop for about three day now . 
boy , I sure do love fail . I tell you there 's noth better than straight up suck at everyth I attempt . No pressur there , no sir . but of cours I 'm not bitter . No wait scratch that becaus I total AM . I 'm go to go weep in the corner about how my life is aw like the pathet emo kid I secretli am insid . 
and also ? happi birthday urllink sheepi , you old salt . 
My life ? suck . actual , what come after suck ? becaus it 's total that . I do n't feel like get into the particular becaus I 'm a vagu bastard . I 'm just gener suck at life . Is n't that what be a teenag is all about ? hey world ? I 'm flip you off right now . By the way , I hate urllink melo . 
I choo-choo-choos you . So that valentin 's day thing is just around the corner , and for some reason peopl keep ask me what I 'll be do . A ) whi do you care ? B ) I will probabl be watch lingo with mr. tech TV ( TM urllink jacob ) , hug a hippo , and drink toffe nut latt from starbuck . C ) the thing about v-day ( I hate that abbrevi but for expedi 's sake ) is that ye , it 's a hallmark holiday . creat to make money and sell poorly-mad stuf bear from taiwan . but the other thing that irrit me is that it give peopl without `` valentin '' ( jesu what a dumb concept . ) the excus to feel sorri for themselv . I 'm sure I 've fallen victim to thi as well , becaus I 'm a lame ass . I would find proof in the archiv but I 'm also lazi . sue me . with that said ... D ) urllink muffin , will you be my internet valentin ? thi just in , I am offici the lamest woman aliv . 
becaus I 'm secretli a fourty-six year old gay man from san francisco , and becaus I rock so god damn mother fuck hard , I went to a bett midler concert thi even with my mother . hey ... shut up . Eh I 'm just talkin ' some jive . I 'm go to go pass out now . goodby for now , my delici creampuff . 
I 'm back . hooray for internet . 
No , I 'm not dead . As good as , in my horrif unconnect exist . Do you realiz that I have to actual , like , go outsid to amus myself ? I mean what the fuck . and there is a signific lack of pornographi in my life right now . I 'm kid . Or am I ? No , I 'm total not . My mommi bought me a new comput , but I have no idea when the internet will be hook up . hope when I return to chez moi . good christ am I tire of mooch off my boyfriend 's internet . and tech TV . and gameshow network . did I mention he 's the best ? ever ? well my bebe , lingo is on , so it 's time for me to depart . I sha n't be gone long . xoxoxo shanti 
prom is stupid . like that 's go to stop me from go . 
I may hate melo and have no soul , but urllink he make me laugh . 
pinch me . 
I am mani thing -- teenag cynic , obsessive-compuls punctuat corrector , unlicens surgeon -- and now I am the driver of a manual car . It wa tough learn , and ye I 'm still pop it in first gear but you know what I am just learn so I 'll see you in hell guy behind Me At the stop light honk At Me In your piec Of shit van . mmmm ... catharsi . also , my mother is go out of town on thursday . parti over here ... 
urllink the comment are the best part . what a bunch of bullshit . A protest will do noth . kid are just look for attent and an excus to get out of class , and hey , I respect that . but serious if that 's what you 're about own up to it . otherwis get over your naivet and face the fact that your attempt at activ will accomplish noth . 
I do n't know what to write about anymor . If I write about my problem I 'm emo , if I talk about relationship ... I guess I 'm still emo . My problem seem trivial . It 's not that I care about the feedback , it just goe a long way in discourag me to write . I mean.. Eh fuck it I do n't even know what I 'm tri to say . ( girlfriend ) let me break it down for you again . christ I ca n't believ I just referenc a lauryn hill song . I 'm so nineti right now . but I digress ... basic my life -- life in the grand scheme of thing be a seri of peak and valley -- is in the valley-est valley that wa ever a valley . let me work that word in one more time . quit frankli , I do n't see the need to display my `` emo '' for all to see . ( I 'm go to go off a tangent right now . I am so sick of that god damn label . buzz word in gener irrit me , but it 's becom a plagu of our gener . actual , thi could just send me into a rant about existenti and the definit of one 's self , and trust me nobodi want to be privi to that . ) In conclus , thi is what my paper journal is for . I do n't know what thi mean for old bessi , but I know one thing , I 'm go to get a new templat . 
someon shoot me , pleas ? 
- prom wa a lot of fun . you tell me there 's someth better than shake your ass to stupid song or sing don henley as you 're come home in a limo , and I 'll tell you to suck on my junk . - In unrel news , to the jackass in the 1987 honda hatchback in front of of me on 680 just outsid of fremont : It 's call the fast lane for a reason , motherfuck . Do n't get in it unless you are prepar to bring IT . I can not stress that enough . - I 'd slice a man in the face to be abl to go to coachella . - for the life of me I can not get urllink black betti out of my head . side note : the link wa origin to the nick cave version of the song , and when I eras the link the sentenc said `` for the life of me I can not get head . '' I laugh and laugh and laugh , becaus I 'm actual eight year old . - urllink here you go , bastard . 
urllink I love thi word . urllink greg , is that you ? last night I had a dream that my boyfriend 's mom came and redecor my room against my will . yeah . I do n't know either . 
stupid prom updat : I bought my dress , ( strapless , burgundi , jessica mcclintock ) . next up ? shoe , bag , accessori . follow that , pick a place for dinner . and then the excrutiatingli awkward photo session with everyon 's parent . I ca n't wait . 
holiday what ? resurrect who ? happi easter , or someth . 
how to make me laugh : - tell me about the time you had a bee in your pant and were subsequ stung sever time in the groin area . - put on MC chri when I 'm in a bad mood . how can I resist `` her cunt tast like skeleton '' ? - silli pop cultur refer alway get my proverbi goat . - show me a pictur of when you at halloween when you were four and dress up as a ninja turtl . ( ! ! ! ) - call me `` madam '' . - ( not exactli part of the list but relev becaus I laugh quit a bit at thi movi ) holi shit have you guy seen urllink the substitut ? I knew it would be awesom when erni hudson broke a board the woodshop class made him and then give a lectur about har your chi . and then there wa the fight in the school librari ! and the most awkwardli act sex scene ever ! and it wa awesom ! 
list are the last resort of the uncr . check it out ! thing that are lame : - boy who break their edg - boy who have edg - quirki teacher - My irrat love of the newlyw game . yeah I know I 'm like thirti year late on that one . - Me not have my dress yet - Me not own one damn pair of pointi to flat - the mutha fuckin time chang . damn you , urllink uniform time act OF 1966 ! - Me still not grasp the concept of urllink schroeding 's cat . 
On a complet differ note , big up to urllink paul for be my mr. bungl hook-up . It rock my motherfuck face off in six point three differ way . No foolin ' . good christ that wa lame . I 'm sorri . 
wow I ca n't wait till I 'm older and I get to tell stori like `` the time I accident had anal sex . '' april fool . the anal wa intent . just kid . Or am I ? No , I total am . 
My uncl die today . 
Ok , I might have a bit of a problem with social . after all I 'm write thi shit instead of be `` out there '' , uh , look at drunk peopl . I guess . Is that how parti work ? mmm internet , you are my social safeti net . anyway , I do n't see what the big deal is about the `` parti '' . what if you do n't know anyon ? then it 's all about find someon to talk to who wo n't throw up on your shoe . fuck that . It 's like the high school theori . find someon who will let you stand next to them . ugh . 
A new post , in which I whine . waahhh ... 1 ) My uncl is realli sick . doctor are say it doe n't look good . 2 ) My mom is out of town for a week . doe n't seem like such a bad thing but I have the flu and now there is no one to take care of me . 3 ) I kind of just want to curl up in a ball and die . that is all . 
you , stop be such a fuck drama queen . you , enough of your pity-m bullshit . you , stop tell me about your dumbass problem . I do n't give a shit . now natur I 'm be a coward and make these announc anonym , but I 've got some aggress I need to get out of my system . In conclus , for the love OF god shut the fuck UP . 
the urllink song fight show last night wa awesom . despit be held in urllink vagina central . the onli band I realli enjoy wa urllink the john benjamin band , for their delight rendit of `` My sister '' and `` red robot '' . and then , of cours , there wa urllink front , who rock the mike ten way from sunday . that 's all I need to say about that . p. . dear MC frontalot I did not know you had such A cute ass . kthxbye . 
thing that make me sad : - when I rant to my mom about how much I hate rupert and the fact that he won the addit million and then I get back upstair and realiz that she total wa not listen and did not care . AT all . - when I dream that I had a tini littl grey kitten that I held all day and I wake up and there is , in fact , no kitten . hell , I do n't even like kitten . - the fact that I can best my boyfriend at everi argument WE have ever had . * relat , the fact that we bare ever have anyth to argu , much less fight , about . sometim I need an itti bitti fight to spice thing up . doe thi make me a horrend bitch ? Ok , I can deal with that . - the fact that my english teacher had to look up the word `` argument '' in class today to see if there wa an ' e ' in it . what is UP , california public school system ? - when I dream that I have these wick hott tattoo on my hip and I look stun in low rise jean and I wake up to find that neither are true . - blogger comment . not part OF the list but bear with ME becaus IT need TO BE said . gentlemen , and Ok I guess ladi too : when you respond to a compliment with arrog , it doe not come off as cute or cheeki , it come off as `` asshol '' . there 's your goddamn psa for the day . 
jklsdfjklsfdjkaasjfd saturday . TO see frontalot . IN berkeley . will IT BE rad ? I submit that IT will . 
I think that when you buy urllink these , you should also receiv a sticker that say `` Hi , I 'm an alcohol . '' 
dear blogger , you know I 'm uncomfort with chang . what up ? p. . beig is SO over . In other news I took the AP psycholog test today . urllink jacob , I saw you there but I did not approach you . instead , I mere observ you like the creepi stalker that I am . I 'm not sure how I did . multipl choic wa ace , free-respons ? not so much . ooh , mayb I 'll get in troubl with the authoritarian AP nerd for discuss the test . would n't that be excit . yeah you 're right . It total would n't . 
well she 's sexi and seventeen My littl rock-rol queen act a littl bit obscen got ta let off a littl steam dig that sound shake it around your mind , mind , mind hooray for be seventeen , the age no one care about ! 
GO time machin , GO ! can it just be my birthday now , pleas ? 
urllink I have to beat off now . excus me . 
awkward : hear that my dad 's wed vow includ the stori of how he met hi bride , but the univers conspir against them to keep them apart , and that see her again two and a half year ago made him realiz how unhappi he wa . with hi children . and hi wife of twenti year . and he said thi in front of my brother . thi is classic My dad behavior . jackass . fun : underwat karat . also awkward : run into the ex and hi entir crew at starbuck . I serious felt like commit seppuku right then and there . ugh . 
I 'm glad I caught you on my view screen , sailor I do n't know what it is about urllink that song , but it total make me want to do it . continu in that vein , here are some other song that just rev me the fuck up . ( altern titl , mix To play when you are get all kind Of intim . ) 1 ) the jon spencer blue explos - she said 2 ) velvet underground - venu in fur 3 ) PJ harvey - the letter ( jesu that is a sexy-ass song . ) 4 ) the killer - kill Me now 5 ) the clash - the gun of brixton 6 ) cat power - sea of love ( other version also accept . ) 7 ) the cure - pictur of you 8 ) jesu and mari chain - just like honey 9 ) h.i.m - endless dark ( sentiment . ) 10 ) johnni cash - the man come around ( drive me crazi . ) 11 ) tom wait - cold , cold ground 12 ) malcolm mclaren - about her 13 ) the faint - sex is person 14 ) sparklehors - king of nail 15/16 ) pixi - No . 13 babi / hey ( doubl the pleasur , doubl the fun . ) 17 ) the smith - wonder woman 18 ) faith No more - A small victori 19 ) arab strap - I still miss you 20 ) shudder to think - hot one ( natur . ) 21 ) leonard cohen - hallelujah ( the coup de gra . ) 
My dad is get re-marri thi weekend.stil feel weird about it . I do n't think I 'm gon na go . 
I wa tidi up my room a bit today and I came across an old bag of mine ( mm..loop nyc ) and I notic there wa a great deal of stuff at the bottom . I peer into the bag and said what the fuck ? insid that tote bag wa all the lip balm/stick/gloss that thi world ha ever produc . and also , two pack of juici fruit and an unopen pack of peach smint ( which , by the way , are the greatest thing ever . ) It wa like my birthday came twice in one year . I 've onli use thi bag onc , so where the hell wa I go and whi did I need that much stuff ? I am puzzl , to say the least . eta : I 'm find the strangest thing in my closet . two plaid miniskirt . becaus one wa not enough ? when and whi did I buy those ? also found : - purpl corset ( I think I wore that to a wed a coupl of year ago . god I sound like such a goth faggot . ) - knee high pointi to boot ( wore to homecom sophomor year . shut up , it went with my suit . ) - ugli but comfi floor length green skirt . wow . If I had a time machin , I would go back and shoot myself for make such horrid fashion choic . that would mean that I would n't exist , but think too much about the complex of the space time continuum make my head hurt . I 'll just look out the window and think about bird for awhil . 
I am love summer at thi point . So far I have : - swam at night in a stranger 's pool . - I can not fulli disclos but there wa a shower involv . - play life for the first time ever and won . yay busi ! - play parcheesi ( the royal game of india ! ) with my mom and boyfriend and total kick their ass . - also play win lose or draw . ( wa n't jim J. bullock in that ? ) kind of fun with two peopl but I 've been into the board game recent . - gotten new glass that I look realli hott in . sure it sound trivial but consid danc camp start soon and from that point on I will not have a moment 's rest until my big solo recit in august , I 'm tri to savor it while I can . 
like , oh my god . I 'm so total a senior now . sign my virtual yearbook , asshol . 
friend one : [ make pun about the breakfast club ] friend two : We should be the brunch club . Me : Oh , total . We 'll come with a slice of cantalop on the side . 
It 's three in the a.m and I am write my god damn psych final . fuck off . 
If I ever had a band I would name them `` you have n't heard of them '' . 
let 's get frivol ! here are some cloth I want : - urllink I 'm into bird on cloth recent . - urllink they have whale on them , peopl . whale . - urllink It 's the most popular design for a reason . - urllink shit yeah . - urllink adsjskndsi and also , it 's the end of the year crunch and I 'm full on freak out . thi weekend I have to write my psycholog final and a research paper as well cram for final . fun stuff . p. . becaus thi post suck . urllink heh . 
rabbit rabbit . 
urllink A ) My arm look gigant . B ) I 'm hide . I 'll be back in a few day . 
urllink suck MY back . 
xanga are so terribl that I think they give me cancer . 
I am glad that kerri select edward as hi run mate becaus I think that edward is a hotti . what , my opinion is relev too . 
you do not know as much as you think you do . you are not as clever as you imagin yourself to be . your write suck . 
I 'm back . I did my arangetram . you do n't care . 
