well , the day ha come , my last day at home . tomorrow I 'm off to school to begin a new adventur . 
well , I sort of got wrap up in stuff that is n't bloggish . I realli should write here more often , it may help my stress level . frequent I wonder whi I 've put myself through thi ... ..whi I feel the need to hold a doctrat . Is it greed ? insecur ? A littl bit of both ? It 's all possibl . I 've alway been a bit power hungri . I 'm current wrap up in a nightmar call research . they say that without research , societi would remain stagnant . I realli do n't see a problem with that ... ..we 've got water , power , the internet and cabl televis . mayb societi is greedi . actual I see the point of research just the project which I 'm involv in . dread . fat kid , pedomet ... ..they just do n't mix . It realli is n't earth shatter either . america 's children are obes , so be it . perhap had someon not done research into the tast trend of america , they would n't be ... ... see , research realli is evil . 
I 'm feel a bit overwhelm at the moment . I leav for chicago on wednesday , have a test on tuesday and 8 more hour of pilat tomorrow . If onli school were finish . onli 6 more day of lesson . sweet ! word of the day : ruka - hand/arm ... ..how can you have onli one word for both of those ? ? ? ? ? It seem a bit counterintuit to me ... if you say `` boli mi ruka '' it can mean `` my hand hurt '' or `` my arm hurt '' . how do you know ? ? ? ? ? Oh well ... .I just need the basic ... . 
yet again , I 've been extraordinarili negleg in my blog . such is life ... ..new flash ... I start blog befor I start grad school and now I 'm almost finish . hallelujah ! thank god . there is n't enough tequila in the world to get me through anoth year of thi . I 've learn ton of stuff ... ..now to appli it and hope make some money in the process ... .. In my free time , I 've been studi up on a new languag ... .croatian ( thu explain the date/tim stamp ) . My new boyfriend is actual croatian and hi famili opt not to use english often in my presenc ... ..therefor , the paranoia in me ha driven me to attempt to learn the languag ... .that way they ca n't talk about me behind my back . word of the day : cherry-cheshnya-spel w/o all of the cool letter ... . 
blah ... still feel a bit overwhelm . thi blog thing is a bit therapeut realli . It allow me to sit down , rehash my day and consid life in gener . tomorrow is my last compet of graduat school . comp are realli just exam , but rather than write answer down on a sheet of paper , you show a prof a skill . talk about a stress situat . the skill is usual a huge mysteri until you draw a card and thu seal your fate . It 's stress to put it nice . got my feedback from my student ... ..had one tell me that I should be more approach . that 's an interest comment . I 've spent the major of my adult life strive to be unapproach . I think that is the result of grow up an `` air forc brat '' - form connect with anoth is useless becaus they usual leav within a year or two . I suppos I could work on that , but now is n't the time ... ... . word of the day : zavezan - tie up ... ... interest word choic for today ... geez ... .it sound like I could use a good shot of vodka , some chocol ice cream and a good therapi session ... ... 
