urllink msn web messeng thi will drive the internet polic barmi . 
morn peopl just woke up about hour ago so still not awak , still not feel 100 % so go back to th doc but if sigend off mean more time for train yet no cah for anyth els , well just anoth one of life catch 22 's . 
first entri in my blog keep track of the up and down and the whole experi of the work that myself and charli intend to do ... .actual intend is the wrong word that should have been are go to do . thing been a bit hetic for me latley and kinda taken a back seat for the last few day tri to get my head toghet , but ala im back and readi and rare to go . sinc thi whole thing start to fall into place about 2 week ago first meet which led to a great websit ( thank dave ) and everyon seem to be buzz with excit that it realli is go to happen and wot wa onc a dream for me is go to be now a real adventur and for a good caus . that me done for now will add more after ive calm down a bit and get sort ! ! ! ttfn ! ! ! 
sorri i didnt get a chanc post yesterday . tom my conutt wa have all sort of problem with hi partner so i wa do provid a frendli sholder for hiom most of the even . I think they have thing sort now so all end well . I had an apoin with the diatcian yesterday : ) youll like thi . Im tri to sort out an apoint to have my gastric band tightend a lttle as im still eat way to much and although im not pute on weight my weight loss ha ground to a hault . unfortunatley that not proov easi as the hospit and in particular prof baxter team are veri streach and ive been wait sinc the begin of juli to see someon about it . so after me phone up load of time and do the pester patient bit i final get to see the diatician . after a good long natter it turn out that im eat all the right stuff at teh tight time just eat to mutch NO shit sherlock ! ! ! ! ! ! that whi i had the band in the first place and whi i wa tri to get it tightend a littl . gesss what : ) the diativcian dosent now hoew i go about gettign my band tightend eather aaarrrrrrrrrggggggggghhhhhhhhhhhh ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! oh well she go to call prof baxter team for me and ill chase them up tomorow too hey ho : ) we had a bit of a rethink with the websit and weve ask ken to help . if you have seen the memborship page on the wl info site that pretti much exactli what were look for , for the dsonat page , so ive ask ken if the chappi who design that page might be abl to design a similar one for us to add to the wlsinfo trek sight : ) right beter dash of as i have a friend ocm over shortli and i need to get the hous loke semirespect lol ttfn 
Hi everyboddi , tom got hi blog up have a look at urllink http : //tomstrek.blogspot.com/ he he it all come togeth rathr nice . ken ha been talk to a publacist chappi who go to help us plug the event like mad and juie one of the mod from the wlsinfo sute is go to comr along and whip us all into shape on thursday , just as well realli caus we need organis badli lol the next updat to the websit is almost reddi to go up , just wait on ken tosend us the code for the paypal button and were away . we did hit on a snag there , we didnt no how to recoerd when peopl were make a donat . wlsinfo would reciev the money but would have no record of where it came from so we have put a form up there . for peopl to fill in befor they make a donat that way we no who to say thankyou too and can keep a rune total . it a littl clumbsey but hope should work , peopl fill in the form then click submit , and then eather click on the cheq or credit card button : ) should work until i can work out someth better . as for the barni , well im a bear and ken wa ask me the other day what a bear wa : ) well after read through anoth blog urllink call center confidenti hehe well i m anoth barni lol and spook enough lol i work in a call center too : ) bye for now guy 
ive just had a love email from ruth up north . she offerd to contact local companui for us to see if she can get us sponsor plu also possibl arang some acomod for us and mayb even some food . thankyou ruth youar a star and it grateley apreci . if anoy one els out there can help in ani way pleas let us no at urllink admin @ wlstrek.co.uk fi you can think of ani one we can wright to for sponsorship or suport , if youno ani celeb who may be abl to help us offer there suport or donat someth to the auction drop us a line it all go swimmingli so far big hugz charli 
sorri for not post yesterday i had some frend round who wound up stay till after big brother and i didnt get a chanc to post lol but on the good side they have volanteerd to make up part of the ground team for the cycl part of the trek so it all come togeth rather nice . allw ned to do no is find place to sleep overnight and that teh cycl trek pretti much organis : ) im gon na post on teh wlsinfo site today ask for help and advis on get corper sponser , mioney form compani and ani celeb or sport tream peopl can think of to wright to for money , item to help us or donat item for the auction . finger cross it all goe well to day im feel rather good about it all charli 
well it up and run , check out urllink www.wlstrek.co.uk the websit is up : ) westil need ken onc over and aprov befo we fiunalis it but were get there : ) he he were off : ) 
he he got a bit cari away last night : ) me and my co trek nutter tom decid last night we 'd it down and work out a list of equip we would need for the walk part of the trek . sever coff and hour later we find out it now 8am and weve been up all night oh dear lol not to wori nether of us had work today so nop problem there . We 're go to chang the name of the trek to the wl info trek to have some continutiy with the wl info site , a veri good idea that ken point out to us : ) thank for that matey and were have a rethink on the logo to make it more printer friendli . anoth thing we need to do is have a chat with ken about one of the page too . tehhow can you help one , im thuink it might be a good idea to put 2 form on theer one where peopl can donat directli to the chariti via pay pal and anoth where peopl can print out a form and post it in to us with a cheq . also may be a downloadablw sponsor form , but im not to sure about that one it might be open to abus . soon as all that sort well get the websit live . and onc that up the leter wright can begin how am i today tire lol ! ! ! 
He he thi is it were final off 9 month and count to the first part of the treck : ) it a littl scarey but in a good way . big thank to ken for all the help and suport he 's given us not least in set up these blogg for us , ken you are an absolut star matey . there so much stuff to do over the next nine month at the moment it all seem a littl daunt but we are gettign there and get a game plan organis . the websit is almost complet and onc it ha the ok from ken and the other wl guy it will go live at urllink www.wlstrek.co.uk huge thank to dave my other half for that , when it come to web design he second to none : ) . after a good deal of debat we decid it would be beter to cycl from land end to john o groat inst of the other way round it not such a harsh start go that way , hehe it meen we dont have a 1000ft clime on day one ( phewwwwwwww ) : ) Im wait on map ariv , but i have the iocknield way section broken down into 7 ,1 day section , just wait on the angl way , ridg way , wessex ridgeway and southwest costal path to ariv and ill get crake on them : ) ill get all the rout post in detail on the web site as soon as poss , then it time for me to start wright letter ask for suport from compani and celeb , and see if ani one will donat stuff for the chariti auction , if you no of ani one who could help pleas email in to let us no or point them at the websit onc it goe live , thank guy . infact if youd like to help , or if you fanci join us for part of the trek or inde all of it we would love to have you come join us , even if it just to cheer us on , wright a few letter or run about with a sponser form : ) . just send in an email to let us no : ) how am i feel at the moment he he half excit about thi and half a litl daunt by it all ( the walk and teh cycl are the least scarey part lol ) but as i say not in a bad way , ive got great peopl on board help , were a wl trek team and a flip good one at that he he we are off with a venganc and i for one cant wait : ) big hugz guy charli 
nuff said 
