what 's so special about freehold , n.j. , anyway ? whi would anyon visit or establish a busi there ? here 's a littl piec of histori about the small township in central n.j . while there are over 40,000 township throughout the unit state , there is onli one freehold township . formal establish by an act of legislatur in 1693 , freehold township is one of the three origin township in monmouth counti , new jersey . throughout the interven three centuri it ha been a place where peopl could rais a famili , earn a live , and live life in some measur of peac . freehold township is a commun situat in central new jersey and lie equidist from two of the largest citi in the countri , new york and philadelphia . span almost 39 squar mile , our town is also within a half hour 's drive to the jersey shore . our commun of almost 32,000 resid is home to the oldest daytim har track in the countri , freehold raceway , one of the area 's premier shop attract , freehold mall , while manag to maintain it histor rural characterist . the township own and oper 14 park and is home to monmouth counti 's turkey swamp park as well as new jersey 's battlefield state park . recogn as `` western monmouth counti 's famili town , '' freehold township is commit to safeguard thi qualiti of life for futur gener . origin known as monmouth courthous , thi area receiv it namesak from 17th centuri properti owner , who at the time , were the onli one allow to vote . these men were seen as respons individu who held their possess free and clear . In a veri liter sens they were `` freehold . '' 
I 'm sure the question on everyon 's mind is , `` how do I get to thi magic ice cream stand ? '' fear not , intrepid ice cream junki , for I , too , know the power of the frozen dairi treat . like the siren call sailor to their demis , so jersey freez call the thankfully-lactose-toler to rotund belli and flabbi thigh . click on the map for a larger-scal version that should help lead all of us to the promis land . urllink 
I 'm sure the owner and employe of jersey freez will be surpris when they discov a blog devot entir to the landmark ice cream stand in freehold , n.j . these day , when you decid to launch a blog , you have to be cute . thi is as cute as I get . even though I 've onli patron jersey freez a hand of time , I still view it as a symbol of my childhood in monmouth counti , in central n.j . I grew up in colt neck , just next door to freehold , and drove by jersey freez thousand of time . It alway appear pack with custom and I admir how a littl stand like that could garner such a follow as to achiev cult-lik statu . thi blog is my tribut to jersey freez . 
