old blog is at thi link urllink suzy1270 thi is now my backup blog . 
well My husband the geek is now tri to get hi blog up and run . He is work so peopl can comment on it . 
gnomedex just got back from gnomedex yesterday afternoon . had a blast . It wa my first time there . I recommend it to anyon who ha not gone . geek can parti 
vacat well it is here . I leav earli tomorrow morn for my vacat to alabama . Ca n't wait 
movi I went to the movi last night . We do not go veri much anyway . We saw minor report and I thought that it wa veri good . As I said we do not go to mani movi becaus they are so expens these day . I highli reccomend thi movi if you want to see a good movi out now 
My husband ha set up anoth blog for me to post pictur of my niec . I have not post much but here is the link urllink http : //vejadu.sdf-us.org/mt/suzy1270/ enjoy and feel free to comment 
vacat well in 2 and half week we go on vacat . I can not wait . We are go to alabama to see our famili . I will get to see my 2 yr old niec olivia for the first time sinc dec of 2000 she wa not even 4 month old yet . I know that she ha grown quiet a bit . 
art blog and pierc well my husband now ha hi blog up and work . It is urllink art blog check it out see hi new pierc . let him know what you think of it . 
well here I am post on thi blog again . My husbnad blog is down . kind of a crazi stori but the site that he use is lost their coloc contract due to a distribut denial of servic attack . how fun is that anyway , I think it is kind of mess up if you know what I mean . 
well so here I am again . 2:30pm is the alabama arkansa game check it out on your local cb station 
well here I am use blogger again to see if I like it as well as moveabl type . the onli thing I can say right now is that i like the abil to post comment with moveabl type and wonder if it can be done on blogger 
I love urllink thi movi . As I have said befor I also like 80 's music and the urllink soundtrack is full of 80 's music . urllink art think that I am a nut job for like 80 's music . urllink adam sandler is hyster in thi movi and so is urllink steve buscemi 
urllink footloos ( 1984 ) I am sit here chang the channel on TV and guess what is on cmtv that right footloos . It is hard to believ that thi movi came out 20 yr ago . anyway as I wa look on urllink imdb.com I see that there is suppos to be a urllink remak of thi movi and it is from the produc of chicago . noth ha been updat on imdb sinc last year about thi . anyway I love the music from the movi and am happi to hear that there will be a remak where the actor do their own sing and danc that is what I like about urllink chicago . speak of 20 yr ago it is hard to believ that urllink thi show is 20 year old . anyway , as I wa drive home from work thi afternoon I decid that I would not leav the hous onc I got home but I realli want a tomato sandwich but we had no bread and no tomato so I went to hyve and bought bread and 2 tomato . boy wa that sandwich good . art think that a sandwich should have meat on it . anyway , who think that I am crazi becaus I want to eat a tomato sandwich for dinner . 
urllink king arthur ( 2004 ) thi movi look like it might be pretti good . art and I do not pay to see mani movi at the theatr , but king arthur look like it might be worth go to a matine sometim . 
art and I went to see urllink thi movi thi afternoon . It wa an interest movi . I enjoy it more than I thought that I would . you learn quiet a bit about what happen after 9/11 . If you are a support of presid bush you may not like the film as it make presid bush look pretti bad . art and I just start watch urllink thi movi a few moment ago . I have seen it numer time but I just love urllink nicola cage . He is one of my favorit actor . urllink sean conneri is not bad look either . 
I wa listen to a urllink local countri station and urllink thi song wa play . It sound remot familiar so I came home and look it up and to my surpris urllink john denver origin did thi song . well as soon as heard the tune I knew the name of the song and all the word . It amaz me how I ca n't rememb what I did 5 minut ago but I can rememb lyric to a song that wa origin releas 30 yr ago . No wonder art call me the fountain of useless knowledg . the version that I heard today wa done by urllink billi dean . I have never been one to like cover of older song but I realli like billi dean 's version . I know a geek that like countri music is not veri common . 
art and I rent urllink thi movi the other night . It wa a pretti good flick . urllink johnni depp make a good pirat in the movi . I rememb when he wa on urllink 21 jump street . the show wa one of the first to be on the urllink fox network . 
well here I am want to rant about mt and how it get spam . We have been unabl to blog due to reason that are be work out as we speak . It is hard to believ that june ha come and gone so quickli . We went to a cookout last weekend with art 's cowork in port byron IL . I met a few peopl who I had not befor . We had a good time . they all ask whi he did n't have urllink hi new toy with him . I know I have said it befor we are to geeki for our own good . 
