`` sometim the more you look , the less you realli know . It 's a fact , a true fact . In a way , it 's the onli fact there is . '' 
`` heracl journey to lake lerna in a speedi chariot , and with him he took hi nephew and chariot iolau , in search of the dread hydra . when they final reach the hydra ' hide place , heracl told iolau to stay with the hors while he drew the monster from it hole with flame arrow . thi brought out the hideou beast . heracl courag attack the beast , flay at each head with hi sword , ( in some version a scyth ) but he soon realiz that as one head wa sever anoth grew in it place . heracl call for help from iolau , tell him to bring a flame torch , and as heracl cut off the head one by one from the hydra , iolau cauter the open wound with the torch prevent them from grow again . As heracl fought the writh monster he wa almost stifl by it obnoxi breath , but eventu , with the help of iolau , heracl remov all but one of the hydra ' head . the one remain could not be harm by ani weapon , so , pick up hi hefti club heracl crush it with one mighti blow , he then tore off the head with hi bare hand and quickli buri it deep in the ground , place a huge boulder on the top . after he had kill the hydra , heracl dip the tip of hi arrow into the hydra ' blood , which wa extrem poison , make them deadli . '' 
the brazil that I knew where I wander with you live in my imagin . where the song are passion , and a smile ha flash in it , and a kiss ha art in it , for you put your heart in it , and so I dream of old brazil where heart were entertain june , We stood beneath an amber moon and softli murmur `` someday soon '' We kiss and clung togeth , then tomorrow wa anoth day the morn found me mile away with still a million thing to say now when twilight dim the sky abov , recal thrill of our love , there 's one thing I 'm certain of ; return I will To old brazil . 
`` when minamoto no yorinobu , governor of kawachi and warrior , heard that someon in the east had a fine hors , he sent a messag polit ask for it . unabl to declin the request , the owner of the hors sent it to kyoto . On the way a hors thief saw it , desper want it , and decid to steal it by ani mean . So he follow it secretli . but becaus the soldier guard it remain vigil , the thief did n't have a chanc to steal it befor they all reach kyoto . upon arriv in the capit , the hors wa first put in yorinobu 's stabl . In no time someon told yorinobu 's son , yoriyoshi : `` A fine hors ha arriv at your father 's place today from the east . '' when he heard thi , yoriyoshi thought : It 's certain that an unworthi fellow will ask my father for the hors and get it sooner or later . befor that happen I 'll go see it , and if it 's a realli fine hors , I 'll ask for it and get it . So , even though it wa pour that day and it wa alreadi even , yoriyoshi , die to see the hors , went to visit hi father through the downpour . `` well , whi have n't you come to see me for such a long time ? '' the father said to hi son . even while say thi , he guess that hi son had heard about the arriv of the hors and came with the thought of ask for it . So , befor yoriyoshi open hi mouth , yorinobu said , `` I 've heard that a hors ha arriv from the east , but I have n't seen it yet . the fellow who sent it to me say it 's a fine hors . It 's too dark to see anyth now . If you look at it tomorrow morn and like it in ani way , it 's your . '' told thi befor he made the request , yoriyoshi wa greatli pleas , `` well , then , sir '' he said , `` may I stay overnight , so that I may look at the hors in the morn ? '' the two of them spent the even gossip . when the night becam late and the father retir to sleep in hi bedroom , yoriyoshi follow suit and lay in a room nearbi to sleep . meanwhil , it continu to rain noisili . around midnight the thief stole in , mingl with the nois of the rain , led the hors out , and left . sometim later a cri went up from the direct of the stabl : `` A thief ha taken the hors that arriv last night for the master ! '' yorinobu heard thi , though faintli . without even ask the sleep yoriyoshi , `` did you hear that ? '' he tuck in the hem of hi robe , as a ladi would , as he rose to hi feet . He slung a quiver across hi back and ran to the stabl . He led out a hors himself and put on it a cheap saddl which wa on hand . He then rode out , alon , toward osaka barrier to give chase . As he did thi , he thought , thi thief must be a fellow from the east . He saw it wa a fine hors and follow it with the thought of steal it , but he could n't do it befor reach kyoto . last night he came in by the nois of the rain and got away with it . yoriyoshi also had heard the cri . He thought exactli as hi father did , and did n't tell him , either . He had gone to sleep in hi cloth , so he simpli got up , slung a quiver across hi back , led out a hors from the stabl , and rode out toward the osaka barrier to give chase , alon . the father thought , My son is sure to come on thi chase . the son thought , My father is sure to be ahead of me , give chase . He gallop on . By the time he pass the riverb , the rain had stop and the sky had clear up . He rode on even faster , until he came near the osaka barrier . the thief , ride the hors he had stolen , thought he 'd gotten away with it . He slow hi hard gallop as he came to the osaka barrier and had hi hors wade into the ampl pool of water that had form next to it . when he heard that wade nois , yorinobu , as if he had plan it with hi son beforehand , and even though it wa still dark and he did n't even know hi son wa there , cri out , `` shoot , he 's there ! '' He had hardli finish say thi when he heard the sound of a fli arrow . He sens someth wa hit . then he heard the clank of empti stirrup as the startl hors broke into a gallop without it rider . yorinobu said , `` you 've shot the thief down ! run ahead and get hold of the hors ! '' then , without wait , he turn back and head home . yoriyoshi ran ahead of the hors and got hold of it . By then some of yorinobu 's soldier had caught up , and these met yoriyoshi on hi way back , a few at a time . By the time he reach kyoto there were twenti to thirti of them with him . yorinobu got back to hi mansion and , without even think of say thi or that , walk to hi bedroom and went back to sleep , yoriyoshi , too , went back to sleep after put the hors he had brought back in the care of the groom . the follow morn , yorinobu call out yoriyoshi . but instead of evinc ani knowledg of hi son 's extraordinari exploit of shoot and bring back the hors , he simpli order that the hors be brought out . when it wa , yoriyoshi look at it and saw it wa a fine hors inde . He simpli said , `` I accept your offer , sir '' and took the hors . the onli thing is that , though it had n't been promis the previou night , the hors came with a fine saddl . yoriyoshi decid it wa an award for shoot the thief down . '' 
`` In martial art there are a varieti of rhythm . first , you must learn to attun yourself to your oppon , then learn to disconcert him . To learn , in rhythm larg and small , slow and fast , how to be aggress , to paus , or to go against your oppon 's rhythm is crucial in martial art . In a martial combat , you must learn the rhythm of each oppon ; and , with a rhythm he ca n't imagin , you win by creat a sophist rhythm out of the rhythm of the void . '' ... `` keep your mind broad and straight ; do not stretch it taut ; do not allow it to grow in the least lax ; do not make it lean to one side but hold it at the center ; keep it quietli fluid , do your best to maintain it in a fluid state even while it is fluid . when you are quiet , your mind should n't be quiet ; when you 're move fast , your mind should n't at all be move fast . your mind should n't follow your bodi , nor should your bodi follow your mind . your mind must be cautiou while your bodi is not . your mind should lack noth while have no excess . superfici you may have your mind appear weak , but you must keep it strong inwardli , lest peopl can tell what you realli are . '' ... `` As for the two manner of see thing , kan ( observ ) and ken ( see ) , the eye for kan is strong , the eye for ken weak ; see distant thing as if they are close at hand and see close thing as if they are distant is special to the art of fight . know your oppon 's sword and yet not in the least see it is import in the art of fight . '' ... By know `` the path of the sword '' well , you can freeli wield the sword you alway carri , even with two finger . If you tri to wield it unnatur fast , it path becom block and you ca n't wield it . you must wield it as natur as you can . '' ... `` when you and your enemi are about to strike each other , your bodi and your mind turn into a singl strike movement and your hand strike out of the void natur , swiftli , power . thi is call `` no-thought , no-featur , '' and is of crucial import . '' ... `` 'the offic know hi soldier ' mean thi : when the matter final come to battl , you face it with firm convict that as far as what you 're go to do is concern , you have constantli studi the art of fight and have gain a perfect knowledg of it , so that your enemi is no more than your soldier whom you can dispos of as you like and move about as you wish . '' ... `` ordinarili , the vulgar view hold that the place where thing are not understood is the void . but that is not the true void , for there everyon remain lost . In the art of fight , too , if a samurai who pursu hi duti doe n't know what the law for him is , he ha n't attain the state of void . someon like that will continu to be distract in variou way and may describ someth irrelev as void , which of cours is not the true void . If he firmli master swordsmanship while also train hard in other martial art ; if he is not at all in the dark about what he is expect to do as a samurai and practic it , undistract , everi day and everi hour ; and if he polish the two mental compon of shin , `` the mind , '' and i , `` the will , '' and hone the two eye of kan , `` observ , '' and ken , `` see , '' therebi reach the place where noth is cloud , distract cloud have all clear up , then the samurai will know what the true void is . '' 
[ sung loos to the mexican hat danc ] `` unit state , canada , mexico , panama , haiti , jamaica , peru , republ dominican , cuba , carribean , greenland , El salvador too . puerto rico , columbia , venezuela , hondura , guyana , and still ; guatemala , bolivia , then argentina , and ecuador , chile , brazil . costa rica , beliz , nicaragua , bermuda , bahama , tobago , san juan ; paraguay , uruguay , surinam , and french guiana , barbado , and guam . norway , and sweden , and iceland , and finland , and germani now in one piec ; switzerland , austria , czechoslovakia , itali , turkey , and greec . poland , romania , scotland , albania , ireland , russia , oman ; bulgaria , saudi arabia , hungari , cypru , iraq , and iran . there 's syria , lebanon , israel , jordan , both yemen , kuwait , and bahrain , the netherland , luxembourg , belgium , and portug , franc , england , denmark , and spain . india , pakistan , burma , afghanistan , thailand , nepal , and bhutan ; kampuchea , malaysia , then bangladesh , asia , and china , korea , japan . mongolia , lao , and tibet , indonesia , the philippin island , taiwan ; sri lanka , new guinea , sumatra , new zealand , then borneo , and vietnam . tunisia , morocco , uganda , angola , zimbabw , djibouti , botswana ; mozambiqu , zambia , swaziland , gambia , guinea , algeria , ghana . burundi , lesotho , and malawi , togo , the spanish sahara is gone ; niger , nigeria , chad , and liberia , egypt , benin , and gabon . tanzania , somalia , kenya , and mali , sierra leon , and algier ; dahomey , namibia , seneg , libya , cameroon , congo , zair . ethiopia , guinea , bissau , madagascar , rwanda , mahor , and cayman ; hong kong , abu dhabi , qatar , yugoslavia , crete , mauritania , then transylvania , monaco , liechtenstein , malta , and palestin , fiji , australia , sudan ! '' [ sung loos to camptown race ] `` neo-cortex , frontal lobe , brainstem ! brainstem ! hippocampu , neural node , right hemispher , pon and cortex visual , brainstem ! brainstem ! sylvian fissur , pineal , left hemispher , cer-e-bellum left , cer-e-bellum right , synaps , hypothalamu , striatum dendrit , axon fiber , matter grey , brainstem ! brainstem ! central tegment pathway , tempor lobe , white core matter , forebrain , skull , brainstem ! brainstem ! central fissur , cord spinal , pariet , pia mater , mening vein , medulla oblongata and lobe limbic , micro-electrod ... naaarf.. the brain ! '' 
bruce : the detail are cloudli . luckili in my haze I took note . the event I can speak of onli now , but I can tast it like it wa yesterday . the reason I surviv ? perhap to tell the tale ... the hangov day one : At 4:00 p.m . I wake up . By 9:00 p.m . I can make out shape . I swear on the bibl , although I do n't actual own a bibl , never again . day two : I am supris to find a man asleep on my couch . He tell me he share the same hangov and that he work with me . He teach me thi game call `` scream number , '' and we play until the neighbor complain . day three : yay ! I can move my head ! I can move my head ! day four : I take a short walk . I go to my answer machin . I check it . good news . onli one person call . bad news . It 's my girlfriend and she call 17 time , refer to herself oddli as my `` ex-girlfriend . '' day five : find a reflect surfac , I am happi to note that my teeth have not been , in fact , remov with a hunt knife . I play a game of scream number to celebr . 11 ! 32 ! 9 ! day six : An angel appear . He bring me a pizza . He want onli paper for it . how beauti hi eyelash are . look at the pizza I note I am now color blind . I fall asleep think of all of the old black and white film I have enjoy -- and will watch again . day seven : hey , someth smell ! day eight : today I suspect I am not hung over at all , but , in fact , an old man . An old man and I have been trap in a hammock , spun around , and left to die . left to die by peopl I do not rememb and ca n't hate them by name . day nine : further explor of my answer machin reveal ( although I have no recollect of thi ) I went into work . I went into work just long enough to play a game of scream number and pick up what turn out to be my last check . day ten : call a press confer . onli steve anthoni of citi TV arriv . I decid not to let him in . day eleven : I go to my ex-girlfriend 's hous and propos marriag . she doe not accept . neither doe the man she refer to as `` the new guy . '' after three hour she vow to take me back if I vow to stop drink . have small drink to celebr . snowflak becom blizzard . day twelv : see day one . 
`` about kage no gundan for a bit . there 's like multipl sequel show . you know , kage no gundan 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 . everi time they did a new seri it wa alway a differ hattori hanzo . It wa set a littl further in histori . hattori hanzo number three , hattori hanzo number four . It just kept on go down . So now sonni chiba is play hattori hanzo one hundr and still continu that charact . now the thing about thi is that , the audienc doe n't need to know ani of thi . I 'm veri much a believ that if you 're creat your own univers and your own mytholog , you can have no question unansw . but here 's the thing : I do n't have to answer the question to you the audienc . you just need to know I know the answer . I can tell you the whole stori of how hattori hanzo end up in okinawa and whi he did n't make a sword for 30 year , and who the bald guy is . I can tell you that . I do n't have to tell you thi dure the watch of the movi , but you need to know how larg thi world is . '' 
`` It might rashli be conclud from the preced analysi that homer 's odysseu wa a man distract by psycholog conflict and distress by social tension . the gener impress deriv from the homer poem suggest noth of the kind . the inner and outer tension are skil impli , but the total portrait is that of a man well integr both in hi own tempera and with hi environ . As athen emphas , he wa essenti `` self-possess , '' fulli abl to control conflict passion and motiv . hi psycholog tension never reach a break point . they serv rather to give him hi dynam forc . As a result hi purpos is like an arrow shot from a well-strung bow , and hi energi ha the tireless of coil spring . resili , elast , concentr , these are the qualiti that maintain hi temperament balanc . In contrast the ajax-lik hero wa superfici firm and strong . hi code of conduct and hi heroic pride encas hi heart like archaic armor . onc thi psycholog carapac wa pierc by some violent shock the inner part were as soft as ani crustacean 's . odysseu ' strength and self-possess did not depend on ani outer armor . He could be as firm and endur in the role of a beggar or in the cave of a cyclop as in full battle-dress at troy . thi wa the qualiti that the cynic and stoic philosoph were most to admir later . such wa hi inner harmoni and strength . hi conduct in matter of major import show a similar purpos integr . He had a remark power of take the long view , of see action in their widest context , of disciplin himself to the main purpos in hand . thu while other hero at troy are squabbl like children over question of honor and preced , odysseu press on steadili toward victori . and whi ? not , homer impli , for the sake of triumph and plunder , but in order to return to hi belov ithaca as soon as possibl . here odysseu ' effort for the greek caus are integr with hi fundament love of home ; pro bono publico is ultim pro domo sua . similarli hi loyalti to the companion dure the fabul voyag , and hi patienc with their infuri altern of rash and timid , were part of the same enlighten egot : he need a crew to sail hi ship home . hi love for penelop , too , wa , as ha been suggest alreadi , not base entir on ero or agap , but also contain that philia , that attach to one 's normal and natur social environ which underli so much of greek happi . and hi pieti is the pieti of one who wish to keep on good term with the god . such mix motiv may seem impur or ignobl to those who take their ideal from self-sacrif patriot , or from self-effac saintli , or from self-forget romantic . but these are post-homer concept . within the context of the heroic age and perhap of the homer age , too , thi identif of one 's own best interest with the gener welfar of one 's kith , kin , and comrad , with one 's philoi in fact , wa a save grace for both the individu and societi . all the homer hero are egotist ; but odysseu ' egot ha sent it root out more wide into hi person environ than that of agamemnon , achil , or ajax . '' 
prudenc , discret , foresight , forethought , circumspect these noun refer to the exercis of good judgment , common sens , and even caution , especi in the conduct of practic matter . prudenc is the most comprehens : `` she had been forc into prudenc in her youth , she learn romanc as she grew older '' ( jane austen ) . discret suggest wise self-restraint , as in resist a rash impuls : `` the better part of valor is discret '' ( shakespear ) . foresight impli the abil to forese and make provis for what may happen : she had the foresight to make backup of her comput file . forethought suggest advanc consider of futur eventu : the empti refriger indic a lack of forethought . circumspect impli discret , as out of concern for moral or social repercuss : `` the necess of the time , more than ever , call for our utmost circumspect '' ( samuel adam ) . 
