thi is go to be the last post for at least a coupl week . the reason be is that we are go on a cruis to alaska for around 12 day . 
Im get all pack up for the trip tommorow ! 
I just got back a hour ago ! 
I just woke up today ! 
thi is it disgruntled-with-tech-support ask : `` let 's face it : At some point or anoth , we 've had to deal with some form of tech support . quit often , it 's a hit-or-miss experi depend on the level of support requir . occasion , strang , bizarr , or nonsens explan result from the problem report , such as thi one : I had just had dsl instal , onli to find it much slower than the 56k line I wa look to get rid of . On call the provid , I wa told ( by someon who like read off cue card ) to visit one of their intern websit for measur bandwidth . while there , I observ that they had both byte per second and bit per second list , and that the number of bytes/sec ! = bits/sec * 8 , rather a factor around 13 or 14 . I point thi out as a possibl problem , and the guy 's reason : 'uh , it look like the byte are get through to you ok , but the bit are get stuck someplac . ' what wa your worst explan from tech support ? `` disgruntled-with-tech-support ask : `` let 's face it : At some point or anoth , we 've had to deal with some form of tech support . quit often , it 's a hit-or-miss experi depend on the level of support requir . occasion , strang , bizarr , or nonsens explan result from the problem report , such as thi one : I had just had dsl instal , onli to find it much slower than the 56k line I wa look to get rid of . On call the provid , I wa told ( by someon who like read off cue card ) to visit one of their intern websit for measur bandwidth . while there , I observ that they had both byte per second and bit per second list , and that the number of bytes/sec ! = bits/sec * 8 , rather a factor around 13 or 14 . I point thi out as a possibl problem , and the guy 's reason : 'uh , it look like the byte are get through to you ok , but the bit are get stuck someplac . ' what wa your worst explan from tech support ? '' 
wind doe thi thing not work ? 
disgruntled-with-tech-support ask : `` let 's face it : At some point or anoth , we 've had to deal with some form of tech support . quit often , it 's a hit-or-miss experi depend on the level of support requir . occasion , strang , bizarr , or nonsens explan result from the problem report , such as thi one : I had just had dsl instal , onli to find it much slower than the 56k line I wa look to get rid of . On call the provid , I wa told ( by someon who like read off cue card ) to visit one of their intern websit for measur bandwidth . while there , I observ that they had both byte per second and bit per second list , and that the number of bytes/sec ! = bits/sec * 8 , rather a factor around 13 or 14 . I point thi out as a possibl problem , and the guy 's reason : 'uh , it look like the byte are get through to you ok , but the bit are get stuck someplac . ' what wa your worst explan from tech support ? '' 
Im tri to post some more inform on the window section of thi page ! 
like i said a few post back , thi is the `` last '' post for tonight , i dont know whi ... . 
thi is a post for sure ! 
just anoth post befor I goto bed for the night . 
thi is the first post in my new blog ! I hope i can get it now ! 
: `` I 'm tire of HD failur . I 've suffer through a few of them . even with backup , they are still a pain to recov from . I 've got all fairli inexpens but reliabl hardwar pick out , but I 'm just not sure which raid level to implement . My goal are to build a file server that can live through a drive failur with no loss of data , and will be easi to rebuild . ideal , in the event of a failur , I 'd just like to remov the bad hard drive and instal a new one and be done with it . Is thi possibl ? how mani drive to I need to get thi done , 2,4 or 5 ? what size should they be ? I know when you implementddddd raid , your usabl drive space is N % of the total drive space depend on the raid level . '' 
hi , thi is it for now . 
pop popss popsss 
asdasdasd 
We just got back ! 
