urllink thi page illustr how to make what I call my `` arrow purs . '' I made it with a tan linen fabric I had leftov from a skirt I made a few year ago . thi purs would sew well in a wide varieti of fabric , but it would be best to choos one without a direct pattern . and , one with out a `` wrong side '' would be easiest to work with when cut out the piec and sew them . I use the same fabric for the line but found it a bit bulki ... if I wa to make the purs anoth time I would use a more light-weight fabric for the line . If you have ani question on thi project , pleas email me at dialog [ at ] briercrest [ dott ] com . for more of my project , pleas visit urllink michel 's art and craft . 
urllink thi is what the piec look like befor ani of them were sewn togeth . for a complet purs , you need to cut out 30 piec . 
urllink I sew the block togeth in an assembly-lin fashion to save time . I did not clip the thread in between block until after I wa finish sew seven block . 
urllink line piec up for sew . you will need to sew seven block like thi , and seven of the opposit direct ( an opposit direct block would have the bottom left edg on top instead of on the bottom . doe that make sens ? I hope so ! ) 
urllink trim the block so they are straight rectangl befor sew them to other rectangl block . 
urllink when pin two rectangular block togeth , make sure they make the arrowhead pattern . 
urllink when connect two block togeth it wa import to make sure the seam line up properli . To ensur thi , I pin through the seam twice . the block on the left are incorrectli pin becaus the pink head pin onli went through the seam onc . If you do it thi way , you 'll have to rip out alot of seam that are n't line up ! 
urllink left to right show the iron process ... step one press right side , step two flip over , step three press seam open . 
urllink thi shot show piec pin togeth befor sew . I wa care to pin through the middl seam so that in the end product the centr seam would be perfectli line up . 
urllink In the process of assembl all the block . thi wa befor I decid to chang the flap design . origin I had plan it to have a straight edg instead of the pointi edg . 
urllink the complet section for the front and back , one shown with the right side up and one shown with the wrong side up . these were then sewn togeth , and then the flap wa sewn on the one end as well . 
urllink the complet `` right side '' of the purs befor it wa sewn to it 's line . onli the flap ( the section and a half on the right side ) and the one section on the far left were sewn to the line . 
urllink the line wa sewn onto the flap area so it could be turn right-sid out befor connect the front and back of the purs . 
urllink thi photo show the finish flap , befor the front and back of the purs were sewn togeth . 
urllink On the insid of the purs I made a piec of bind tape so that there were no unfinish edg . note the diagon seam on the corner , so that when turn right-sid out the corner would not be bulki or weird look . 
urllink the back of the purs . 
urllink fold strap in half and press with your iron . fold one of the unfinish side insid and press . 
urllink fold the final edg down and insid the strap . sew with machin close to the edg . fold the unfinish end over and hand stitch to the insid of the purs . 
urllink the finish product ! 
urllink thi is the card that I made my dad from the cat . He ha thi `` serta '' mattress promot sheep stuf anim with a `` 44 '' on it , so thi is serta with a blanket thrown over him and a `` 55 '' for 55 year . I scan thi on a white background , the card is actual cut out around the black edg . urllink thi shot show under the sheep 's `` blanket '' . 
urllink thi is the card I made my dad for hi birthday . I tri out some new mulberri paper , but I did n't like it . It look cheap . the swirl on the sheep I did by dri emboss . that is when you use a stencil and an emboss tool ( a pen-lik instrument with a metal ball at the end ) and press into the cardstock . 
urllink thi is a card I made my mom for mother 's day thi year . It is made of cardstock except for the green mulberri paper that is directli behind the pansi . the pansi I made in three layer and accent with purpl and yellow chalk . the pansi and mulberri paper are glu togeth with white glue , the rest of it is held togeth with acid-fre scrapbook tape . 
urllink A purs I start yesterday out of some yellow cordouroy I have had for what seem like forev . I got it from my gramma , at some point it wa someon 's shirt . now it 's a super cool purs with a chic red line . 
urllink the first monkey card I made . I wa go to put it on white cardstock , but then I decid green wa much more excit . 
urllink thi is the second monkey I made ... the photograph make it appear a lot lighter than it actual is , the colour are more vibrant . 
urllink she doe n't look too happi ... and her eye look funni . whi is that ? 
urllink there 's a nose ! how come thi photo turn out so much better than the other one ? 
urllink the photo for thi card did n't turn out veri well ... she ha a nose , realli , she doe . : ) 
urllink I like the way thi card turn out , with the red lip match the red shirt . but I gener like green and red togeth anyway . 
urllink four head befor they made their way onto card . 
urllink A sampl of three card I made with acid free cardstock , rubberstamp , glue , and irridesc glitter . the rubber stamp were one I got as a doorpriz at a scrapbook parti and workshop . 
urllink A card made with acid free cardstock . insid it the caption say `` myrtl love mani thing . '' 
urllink thi is the `` arrow purs '' I made . you can see the process urllink here . 
