one well known guy ha thi to say about anoth even famou guy . `` ... .the first version of linux wa like a time machin . It went back to a system wors than what he alreadi had on hi desk . Of cours , he wa just a kid and did n't know better ( although if he had paid better attent in class he should have ) , but produc a system that wa fundament differ from the base he start with seem pretti good proof that it wa a redesign ... .. '' guess right ? andrew tanenbaum on linu torvald . more at the articl on hi homepag : http : //www.cs.vu.nl/~ast/brown/ 
there are 10 kind of peopl in the world ... those that understand binari , and those who do not 
check out the urllink wire 40 . infi move from 34 to 11 . kudo ! guy , that too good and a real india shine campaign . anyon will to discuss ! shed the comment 
urllink jog write `` ijust got back from a road trip through the UK and india . I got to meet up with lot of java develop . lot of interest folk do lot of cool project . the high point wa at the end of one talk in hyderabad one of the confer crew brought a birthday cake on stage ( it wa my birthday ) and they had 3000 peopl sing happi birthday to me . quit overwhelm . thank , everyon ! the peac movement is quit strong everywher . I took thi photograph of a chalk draw on a street in london . folk are n't exactli anti-american : they 're anti-war . everyon wa huge excit about michael moor 's new movi . I 'm a veri liber canadian live in america : I got lot of questions. `` reza , share a veri interest note on hi sun tech day experi . the post made me feel the miss out of the event . : ( jog 's birthday on that day is a news . and btw , michael moor 's fahrenheit 9/11 seem to have wom the cann film award . 
If the builder built build the way programm wrote program , then the first woodpeck to come along would destroy civil . urllink phoe6 
hello world ! thi is the blog version of our yahoo group start tech blogginn adio ! 
more you dig deeper , more you are amaz by what wa it like ... wa like it googl , or more , or lesser ? wa like the real turner ? yeah it wa . `` tim berner lee creat the www , but who put it on the board of the truck and lorri ? It wa netscap '' scott ( from mozilla ) urllink ssl urllink javascript ( enjoy gmail ? ? ) urllink mozilla come from netscap and also thi guy urllink jwz , urllink thi guy and let add more ... when come across . there seem lotta hacker and geek at netscap dure it yore . 
A simpl one ! longfellow 's bee the poet longfellow in hi novel kavanagh , introduc sever clever mathemat problem from an ancient sanskrit work . one of them is as below : If one fifth of a hive of bee flew to the ladambaflow , one third flew to the slandbara , three time the differ of these two number flew to an arbor , and one bee continu to fli about , attract on each side by the fragrant ketaki and the malati , what wa the number of bee ? 
the most intrigu figur in 19th centuri cryptanalysi is charl babbag , the eccentr british geniu best known for develop the blueprint for the modern comput . He wa born in 1791 , the son of benjamin babbag , a wealthi london banker . when charl marri without hi father 's permiss , he no longer had access to the babbag fortun , but he still had enough money to be financi secur , and he pursu the life of a rove scholar , appli hi mind to whatev problem tickl hi fanci . hi invent includ the speedomet and the cowcatch , a devic that could be fix to the front of steam locomot to clear cattl from railway track . In term of scientif breakthrough , he wa the first to realiz that the width of a tree ring depend on that year 's weather , and he deduc that it wa possibl to determin past climat by studi ancient tree . He wa also intrigu by statist , and as a divers he drew up a set of mortal tabl , a basic tool for today 's insur industri . 
A ride into the world of philosophi . some intro to urllink sophi world . thi is a book that proce along with intrest dialogu between a young norwegian girl sophi and a fifti year old philosoph monk alberto . 
urllink http : //www.iit.edu/~shartan/tagore/crescent.html observ the abov url click twice or thrice . add ur comment if ani . 
A number puzzl from the guardian newspap u.k. - ( As seen on a websit ) thi puzzl wa given to my class in a function program lectur at uni . It is list as origin from the guardian but I 'm sure I 've also heard it on a bbc radio 4 programm - puzzl corner I think . A 14 digit number is to be construct in the follow way . It start with the digit 4 and end with the digit 3 . It contain two 7 's , separ by 7 digit , two 6 's , separ by 6 digit , etc . what is the number ? ? ( guardian,7 decemb 2002 ) 
just now wa glanc through a few page of our presid 's book `` ignit mind '' . In thi passag he categor state that aryabhatta wa the first to give an approxim to Pi . the passag goe thi way `` aryabhatta , born in 476 AD in kusumapura ( now call patna ) , wa an astronom and mathematician . He wa reput to be a repositori of all the mathemat knowledg known at that point of time . He wa onli twenty-thre year old when he wrote aryabhatiyam in two part . the text cover arithmet , algebra and trignometri and of cours , astronomi . He gave a formula for the area of a triangl and a circl and attempt to give the volum of a sphere and a pyramid . He wa the first to give an approxim to pi as the ratio of a circl 's circumfer and diamet , arriv at the valu of 3.1416. to celebr thi great astronom , india name it first satellit launch in 1975 aryabhata '' 
synopsi of the latest book from arthur.c.clark goe thi way base on the recent sensat proof of fermat 's theorem 350 year later by a young british mathematician , andrew wile , the last theorem chart the stori of ranjit subramanian , a man fascin by fermat 's last theorem - so simpl that anyon can understand it , yet not prove for more than three centuri . ranjit learn about the indian mathemat geniu ramanujan ( 1887-1920 ) and discov a three-pag proof of the last theorem : thi might even be fermat 's own proof . the discoveri of the theorem win ranjit the field medal - and the attent of the nsa cryptographi branch . howev , ranjit soon find himself drawn by physic rather than cryptographi , as there have been some spectacular advanc in fusion technolog . and these in turn lead to a plasma drive that can open up the solar system ... 
: : : gtray : : : gtray , a softwar to access gmail account . urllink http : //torrez.us/archives/2004/05/23/gtray.zip ( 52.9kb ) : : : gmail - > pop3 convert : : : pgtgm sit between you gmail account and your email client , convert messag from the web base mailbox into pop3 messag that a program such as outlook express or firebird can understand . pop3 server now fulli work . you are abl to download gmail email through ani email client . smtp server appear to work . more info : urllink http : //www.neowin.net/forum/index.php ? showtopic=169789 download link : urllink http : //jaybe.org/pgtgm/pgtgm.zip ( 122.9kb ) note : you need to have the .net runtim instal 
