get sick on the eve of one 's vacat is bullshit . i succumb to all the hype and bought some emergen-c. i 'm alreadi in the midst of the cold , but mayb it might help . i 'm probabl kid myself , though . i just hope i do n't spend all 4 day feel like shit with snot run out of me everi second . i 've alway hate my nose , but now that it ha start it 's own snot factori ( whose slogan is appar `` all snot , all the time '' ) , i like it a whole lot less . thank , the basebal bat down my throat ha been remov , and i 'm not too ache-i . i guess i can live with have tissu burn in my nostril . it 's like get rug burn , but without all the fun bit . sniff sniff . 
imagin you 're out with a bunch of peopl . friend , peopl you see everi onc in awhil , co-work , etc . you piss your pant for some unknown reason . just humor me , here . streak down the leg , no way to hide it . everyon is awar that you have piss yourself . everi time you see one of these peopl , you will rememb thi night . the onli thing you can think about when you come into contact with one of these peopl is the damp river of urin trickl down your thigh . you will think about how they are probabl think about it . you will not be abl to hold an adequ convers with thi person becaus of the linger embarrass of that night . you will forev be known as the person who peed their pant that one night at that one place . and even if these peopl do n't necessarili care about what happen , you do . thi is how i feel when i talk to you . thi is how i feel everi time i think about you and what went on between us . there 's just no way around it . and i fuck hate that . 
violet beauregard from willi wonka and the chocol factori , dress as red from fraggl rock , in a fuck up version of mr. roger 's neighborhood splice with sesam street . isaac mizrahi as a candi inventor tri to get hi fruit stripe gum sold by smiley , the town 's candi store owner . john ritter in an ancient ford run from nazi , carri a head in a mesh cylind . my dream are fuck up . 
`` stranger fascin me . I like the fantasi of mold them into your vision . real peopl are so disappoint . '' i just read thi in someon els 's blog . i think it 's pretti profound and sad . you can never live up to someon els 's fantasi of you.. 
yesterday i wa in line at the groceri store . there wa an older man in front of me , he look to be about 50 or 60. he set a big bottl of whiskey on the conveyor belt . noth els . i recogn my father in the deep bag under hi eye and the slack mouth beneath them . luckili for me , my father doe not resembl thi sad old man ani longer . i had to wonder what thi man 's life must be like . it 's hard for peopl to understand what drive a person to becom so depend on someth that is so destruct , but after live with an alcohol for part of my life , i can see the lure of self-med . still.. as we get older , you hope that you can assess the bad habit you form and erad them from your life after see advers affect . but at a certain point , after the line is blur and a person stop care , numb oneself is the onli goal . i see a lot of men like thi one . it seem everywher i go , there is some lost , lone person just tri to get through their day without lose it . it break my heart to know there are peopl out there with so littl to live for , and so littl to lose . my father wa an alcohol for mani year . i hate him for half my childhood . now that he 's recov , i can put away a lot of that anger and resent and see hi journey and what it took for him to get to where he is . there is so much pain in thi world . it 's such a tire old clich , but there it is . you ca n't fix everyon , even if you tri . the futil of that is humbl . 
becaus it 's the 'what-if ' that will kill you in the end . and i do n't want to be haunt - just gentli carress by the bittersweet of memori that almost were . and 3 year after thi wa written , i 've learn that some thing are just better left undone.. 
