At present thi site is current under construct , whilst we continu to progress test out the softwar use for thi site . 
Oh ye , brillant night shame nige couldnt be there but he of cours ha better thing to do than see mr ben ! but anyhow here some serious good pic fromm a brillant night aww me and my si . 
wooo hooo it my birthday lucki me hey ! Im now the grand old age , off 22 so it realli time I better go out and get a real job.. anyhooo im off out to go out and give it some seriou larg style berthday larg with mr rori at tabu . nige the bugger , ha decid not to come and to go to luton instead ... the ars ! 
well , hey ya dont know much about me so here a few thing you may or maynot wan na know ! name : Mr ben age : 23 gender : male astrolog sign : libra born in the year of the : monkey locat : lowestoft : unit kingdom So there you have it , all ya need to know ! 
hiya , and welcom to my first ever blog ... I dunno what am gon na come out with on here ! you may find it scari ! I know I do hehe ! 
well , yea jenna ha been and gone to uni interview and she seemd to have had a good time ! well it wa anoth long bore night at work . hope old kelli is ok 
ahh again the start of anoth week , least I have a day off today to chill out and that kinda thing unless the parent unit have their way and I will be look after them all day ! which will be all fun not ! 
well , yea jenna ha been and gone to uni interview and she seemd to have had a good time ! well it wa anoth long bore night at work . hope old kelli is ok 
welcom to the new look maudlin.co.uk , ye indeedi it ha been a while come but now it final back wooo hooo ! So we welcom all visitor to the site ! 
test 
test 
it Mr ben 's 23rd birthday ! So all togeth now say happi birthday mr ben ! 
well miss becki came round and we had our first kiss ... . awwwww i know sad hey , but ive like her for a good 6 month or so so all is good 
well mr ben woke up to find thi ... aww how much do I love snow , so scenic and stuff , least becki wa happi she didnt have to go to colleg lucki bugger hey ! 
well it wa a serious serious larg styleeeeee one ... here a few decent pic from the night.. 
oh ye it that time of year when mr ben get a new phone and I have my heart set on a SE z600 so here it is in all it glori my new fone wooo hoooo ! ! look ! it all sexi and stuff 
as ya prolli know , all my fitti die but hey ya have to move on dont you ! So anyhow me got myself a new tank , and some new fitti so in true find nemo stylee here my new tank and new fitties.. more pic of fitti too come *fitti = fishi 
well it wa extrem good to see my sister , unfortun we had to say our good bye and stuff ... . then the worst bit . the train journey home ... of cours we were bloodi delay and as mr ben wa all worn out jo took a pictur of him all aleep ! 
well me and Jo ventur to the big appl ! london anyhoo to see my ickl si and to meet her bf that I of cours have heard sooo much about but of cours never seen . We had a realli good time it wa good to of cours see jenna , as much as I hate say that ! grr ! ! We had a realli nice meal in the west end , as Mr dad and anna join us also to see jenna , and after that we head around to the trocodero to play bowl , where I of cours won ! Ok Ok I lost , and badli ! then it wa off back to my sister , to errm get drunk ... . veri drunk ! anyhoo here a few sightse pic that miss snappi Jo took 
you may or may not seen in the news about an american who wa bloodi behead live on a arab websit , ok these ppl say that the behead of nick berg wa in retalt for the ill-treat of the prison at abu ghraib . serious , these ppl must be take the piss , ok I wouldnt wan na be piss on or anyth , but to cut somebodi head off . come ON ! ! ! and to still think there ha been more outrag over these appar `` real '' pictur of brit solid abus prison than the behead of nick berg . the world is mad , just mad . My matey today actual sent me the entir video , becasu to an extent ya just cant believ these ppl can do such thing , which you can find urllink here pleas be warn though thi is veri graphic . So do not watch unless you are veri sure . veri scari time we live in , isnt it . 
awww i saw mr dad for the first time in a coupl of week he came to pick up hi usual collect of enterpris episod . it a shame I dont see mr dad more often , but then that life . He also mention that jenna realli miss me . Mr ben also realli miss jenna , but we shall keep that between ourselv shall we as she will get a big head or summat ! 
hmmm just bang out the seriou chooni of special d at the mo , so what do you ppl have in your cd player ? woooo wooooooooooo ! 
peopl at work over the last week havent realli been nice to miss becki , mainli becasu of stuff she did or didnt do on saturday night . So tonight I decid to tell her what they were say , perhap wrong of me I know , but I thought she realli need to know what they were say about her . becki hasnt had an easi coupl of week and kinda got realli upset I just wish I could have been there to give her a seriou hug . 
well some good news outta my belov team , releg to divis 1 is we have some new femal player yayyyi ! and sexi one at that ! ! ! ok im joke it the new kit launch , defo nicer that the previou one methink . larger version . urllink kitwallpaper800.jpg 
