I need an idea . I need an idea now . I need to write , to produc a world I can be proud of . I need a cornerston , an inspir , an idea to anchor everyht around . where is it ? come out , come out , wherev you are ... 
homework homework homework homework homework homework homework homework homework homework homework 
doom . 
life is wonder and difficult and full and confus . doe thi work ? 
here I am . So , thi is the internet , huh ? nice place . store my soul in html ... okay . while practic spanish . not hard at all . So , I 'll get start now . 
IT 'S here ! 
dothi = new date ( ) month = dothis.getmonth ( ) month = ( month * 1 ) + 1 day = dothis.getd ( ) year = dothis.getfullyear ( ) document.writ ( `` today is `` , month , '' - '' , day , '' - '' , year , '' `` ) 
So , the jai is in hi wait for the potter book . It is not yet arriv . thu , jai is run outsid everi five minut and chase after deliveri truck ... anyway . 90 minut 'till my first drive lesson . should be fun . No , not fun , what 's the word ... pain . that 's the word . stay insid , lock your door , author have the situat ... well , go ahead and panic then . 
result for `` jai '' on googl pictur : more later : - } 
peac in . humza 's parti roxor my boxor to a great degre . and there wa much rejoic . : -D In other news , technolog hate ME . evid : ( 1 ) comcast 's email-serv seem to have die , or I 've screw up my comput and kill outlook . ( 2 ) the javascript on my blog is n't work ( 3 ) I have to take health over the summer wait , you say , health class doe n't have anyth to do with technolog ! Oh , but how wrong you are . If we live in a societi where technolog had advanc to the point where either [ a ] there would be no need to teach everyon all thi silli about diseas , death , and how to avoid it or [ b , the better altern ] technolog made everyon smart enough to render such class obsolet . So , grrrrrr . I hate faulkner . hate hate hate hate . mayb I 'll grow to like him , but thi ha yet to happen . but , at least I 've start . I will not repeat last year , under ani circumst . So , yay , I suppos . drive class tomorrow , 1-3 . stay off the road , I 'll be read hp5 at the same time . 39 minut left ! yayfor centerag . peac out . 
lalalalalalalalalalalalaboom . 
what kind of moron would use their blog to learn javascript ? : -D document.writ ( `` thi Is red text `` ) document.writ ( `` thi is blue text. `` ) rightnow = new date ( ) ; document.writ ( `` today 's date is `` + ( rightnow.getmonth ( ) +1 ) + `` - '' + rightnow.getd ( ) + `` - '' + rightnow.getfullyear ( ) + `` .you enter thi web page at exactli : `` + rightnow.gethour ( ) + '' : '' + rightnow.getminut ( ) + `` and `` + rightnow.getsecond ( ) + '' second '' ) 
exam . panic . chem and pre-cal tomorrow . No time to blog . wast time . amillion formula and number are eat each other in my head . I should have studi more . noth els matter . I realli need to re-spiff thi . adieu ! 
My littl sister is beg me to help her build littl toy build , but I have to work , so I 'm do the onli thing that make sens : I 'm blog . yay ! 
I wonder if they 'll let me keep it like thi ? ye , use your friend websit to make your own blog more interest doe win . suzi is cool as is the current correspond . I need to email the alcov more . I need to win that short stori contest to valid my worth as a wroter . I need to do someth to valid my worth as a human be . I need to get better at type so i can wrote my idea at a speed comparal to that at which they come out . I need to brush up on my x/ht/xt/other consen tuck befor `` ml '' and get that webpag done . I need to get readi to work . I need to get my liscenc . I need to need . backscratch are nift . thi si a spiffi site . 
and music descend upon the land . and there wa much rejoic : - ) . 

damnit ! damnit damnit damnit damnit ! one lousi line of code ... and that 's whi I 'll get a B on on CP final . and IT 'S A standard level class ! jai is angri at himself . jai is go to program himslef to death over the summer . jai should be studi spanish so that thi doe n't happen to him tomorrow . the end . 
My dad 's friend , greg , just die . I did n't realli know him , but I met him onc or twice . We went to cancun with him and hi famili . real nice guy . had three kid , about my dad 's age . He work for my dad , but it did n't realli seem like they had a boss-work relationship . It wa more like two friend who did work togeth , but differ . Or mayb I 'm just wax romant . I feel numb , cold all over without ani notiabl chang in temperatur . I do n't feel devest or deepli depress , just numb . My dad is take it hard . He never cri . He need hug , a return on all the strength and support he 's lent me sinc I wa born . I ca n't imagin what he 's go through I 've never lost a friend and I do n't want to know what it feel like ever . My dad start talk about hi own death , what I have to do . We joke , it help him , along with a few drink . I do n't want to talk to anyon for a while . god , I ca n't imagin how my dad is feel if just see him make me feel thi way . the dead do n't griev , they suffer no loss . It is the live who mourn , the live who are the victim of death . they shed tear for their own loss , becaus befriend someon is about slightli blur the edg between you , so part of you becom them and part of them becom you and when they die it like a littl bit of a piec of you fall into the earth and you weep . and they weep for the world , for the loss of that person which the world so deserv to keep . love is loss . If you love that which will be lost , then mourn is just a part of love , a phase . I like the pictur I put in my last post , it 's comfort and seren and peac and good . I want to dissolv on a bed of flower . all 's stoni , everyth is further apart . I do n't know I do n't know I do n't know . 
An act studio just call and offer a free audit . It is mst defin a con of some kind , but thi free part requir none of my parent ' money , so I might go just to practic audit . sleep ... . 
urllink Do I have too much birdhous on thi blog ? 
So , the potter is finish ( two day ago ) and it wa good , but the plot seem insubstanti . drive class is done ! yay ! laura 's gone ... I miss her ... : - ( . but it 's but it 's okay ! soon , a john and a meg and a jai will go to the zoo , and all will be well . urllink 
pastjai : you did n't post for nearli half a year , you reailz that ? presentjai : shut up . and now for the blog . Um , where to begin . I do n't know . but I still know html ! w00+ ! today 's song is : everyth right is wrong again , tmbg 
urllink treasuri secretari joh snow read oliv , the other reindeer ! ! random offic parti last night . I got caricatur as a hippi . 
So , just finish the new year 's parti . awesom . reuven and john and willa and sam and sharon and laura and correl and joshwithawierdlastnam , who is throughli geeki and therefor approv of . today 's food add is : invert sugar . 
too mani deadlin ... I have four test today , and two of them are in spanish , and I fel readi for about none of them . and anika is angri about lackag of shakespear being-at . right so . but thi weekend will be goodish , and such . note to self : exerc ... 
long stori . portfolio and AP exam registr just got much harder . just ... argh . 
So today I met with my EE advis , Mr taylor , who point out that my paper could use some of those , whaddya call them , oh yeah , sourc . I should get on that . appar hi mom went to high school with dukaki . I wonder if he wa a hall monit , and if so did he let bulli out between period to beat up and steal lunch money ? *kick self for rim-shot polit joke* then I went to madam johnson about my self-evalu , but did n't have the proper form type deali , so I had to go into the IB offic . then I left the IB offic with the wrong form and did't want to go back in . then I went in and discov that the form wa in a room that should n't have been gone into at that particular moment . then I left the room and resolv to avoid it for the next sever month . now I just wast ten minut tri to get rid of josh , who is an asshol . He slept to friggin ' 2 ' o'clock today , henc my carri in the disgustingli heavi thing my mom got home , for thirti minut , by myself . now he tri to wrest ( yeah , I said 'wrest ' ! ) the comput from me so he can misspel word to hi friend . grrrr . It 'd be a shame if some of hi file went miss ... anyway , my mom say I get to keep it for anoth hour . So , back to my day ... oh , right , be at school for an hour . eventu I got back to madam johnson and she gave me the requisit form , and hope she wo n't flunk me for forget to turn thi in two day ago . My mom pick me up and set forth to wallmart , or possibl kmart , or targetmart , or some giant box fill with cheap merchandis . tess and me play catch with a giant bounci ball in the luggag isl while my mom got variou stuff for the immin costa rica trip . then I went home and did noth for sever hour , and by noth I mean play sim game from the mid-90 's . \/\/00+ . At some point my mom brought home the aforement obscen hevi rug and I fail to wake up josh despit my best effort . then I rememb the colass mass of paper scatter about the attic and tri to tame some of the more highli evolv stack , but eventu gave up . then I came back to the comput and wrote thi . fascin stuff . I got ta get start on that long fuse ... *your mom ha a short fuse ! oooooooo ... * yeah , I deserv that mental bitchslap . 
june 11 , 2004 : the last day of ani school relat activit and the day I start pay attent to my prro neglect blog . after I finish thi . curs my procrastinatori spirit . 
gmail : the more account you give away , the more you have . We should realli put these guy in charg of the economi . googlenom ! anyway , seven invit avail . post here if you 're interest . I 'll just give them all away unless I get more than seven request . urllink email me for more inform . edit : all account taken AS OF 7-10-04 8:38 est 
sam 's pari wa fun , though my fun wa temporarili interrupt as correl nearli convinc me that I 'd have to retak all of my drive class . A thurough scan of the MD dmv site ha convinc me that he link of sti . whaels ... those number are still happi . yup . bouncybouncyweee . got ta get pack for costa rica ... it 's funni , my overal situat ha n't chang over the past 12 hour , but the relief of know that I won ; t have to retak those god-aw class just fill me with joy ... so much better . happiness=d ( situat ) /d ( time ) On the upsid , my sudden burst of anxieti prevent me from order anyth from cmdonald 's on the way home ... my dad 's an idiot for get drive-through at midnight . and for pick me up late . I need to go studi for my learner 's renew tomorrow . -jaiwithapermit 
john 's site is back up , along with urllink quot ! 
number determin my valu as a person . that be said I 'm veri happi with today 's number and am now go to danc for awhil . 
random thought : I have to make a mobiu pancak one day ... keep think about that ... 
I feel like the yellow line down the middl of a long-desert highway , whatev that mean . I think . listen to `` experiment film '' and draw littl video clip in my mind . happi . An hour of seesaw convers on the phone is happi and depress and confus and end up depressifi , so I mope . but better now . pack for costa rica almost done and drive arrang for sam 's parti done with the MC , fer shizzil . that remind me , I need to email him a clever your mom joke ... one second ... there we go . phone call ... yay ! see that littl blurb about the earlier convers ? It wa depress and is now all better . life get ... let 's see ... four-and-a-half point . right , the point of thi post that give it a titl . I ca n't think of ani commentari that would make it ani more amus than it alreadi is , urllink so just click , whi do n't you ? 
I ran across urllink thi on maddi 's blog , and it remind me of the quot list awesom of my school , circa 2002 . So I went look for it and found that john 's site is down . and I wa onli there last week ... I neeeeeed those quot . anyway , enjoy maddi 's math teacher . He 's neatorif . 
urllink 
In tcom we sang a song about ture machin to the tune of `` daisi , daisi '' , or whatev the creepi song hal sing in 2000 is call . ture , ture , give us your closur do ... anyway , I 'm feel kinda daze right now . laura just came over for our onli date for the next month and I ; m thirsti . coher is for wuss . 
I now have five invit avail ... if anyon slightli desir one , just give the word . 
urllink not realli syllabl today ... 
feel grimpli . My day : 3:30 - wake up . tire , but ca n't sleep . somehow uncomfort in a way I ca n't put my finger on . 4:00 - give up on sleep , decid to face the world on four hour of it . get up , do dish , eat brekfast , check some blog read some histori and some other book ( amazon deliv yesterday ) . 9:00-10:00 - clean out 1/2 of the garag . appar thi ha someth to do with the kitchen and new cabinet . meh . 11:30 - leav with dad for librari to copi and turn in costa rica form . wast about a dollar on my inabl to work a copi machin . 12:30 - arriv at school with form and copi in tow . build servic guy at door say school is close till three , I ca n't even go to the mail room for a second . Go to movi and catch snippet of `` stepfod wive '' and `` day after '' instead ( `` stepford '' is a great wri comedi ) . 3:00 - arriv back at school , which is still total desert . call laura , who 's also have a sucki day . 3:05 - build servic ladi sneak me in to school . get to ride in elev and turn in form . 3:25 - catch bu , call mom who tell me to get off at rockshir and head down to the pool . 3:35 - arriv at pool , told to wait an hour for practic to end . decid thi is a bad idea and walk home instead . 4:25 - almost home , meet some kid sell lemonad for a quarter . awesom and cheap . 4:30 - arriv home . eat and drink dinner . It 's rain . rain is good . I wish I could be a raindrop , that 'd be neat . 
... so I decid to do a life-determin quiz thingi too . and I wa happi becaus it list pretti much everi profess I 've ever consid . introvert ( I ) 56.76 % extrovert ( E ) 43.24 % imagin ( N ) 52.27 % realist ( S ) 47.73 % intellectu ( T ) 56.41 % emot ( F ) 43.59 % easygo ( P ) 61.9 % organ ( J ) 38.1 % 
the profil editor broke , so I 'll just have to ignor that silli acronym and other annoy until it come back . mrrrr . urllink thi could be neat ( click ! ) . 
anyon want a gmail account ? I 've got three invit as of today . all those seek gmail account are encourag to appli . comment or urllink email . edit : all three acount have been offer to peopl , pend accept . 
well , I ca n't sleep . I 've been wake up all night and I final gave up . thi is a bad time for insomnia to get go again . mrrr ... mayb I 'm just use to the IB sleep scheduel , that is to say not sleep . last night my mom wa tri to plot out josh 's high school career . select quot : `` pre calc - is that a math credit ? '' `` would physic count as a scienc ? '' I 'm open to ani suggest for new last name : - ) ? 
they might Be giant are the greatest band ever . the brother chap are the greatest anim ever . the brother chap are direct a video for expieriment video , tmbg 's new singl . life is good . ignor earlier post . : - ) . I 'm too happi to contempl my shallow . 
pcti is suppos to go away after a few day , but it keep come back . I miss it . So much . I need far better vocabulari to describ ... no , the english languag wa alway weak anyhow . now , I feel - I do n't know , sensori depriv , like everyth I feel ha been cut in half . I miss wake up and see peopl who I realli enjoy be around , peopl who are smart and wierd and funni and overt and do n't bother with ani of the ill-conciev social custom that get bolt onto everi other aspect of life , like compliment peopl you do n't like and carri on empti convers for hour . and more and more I find myself do just that , rambl on to peopl becaus I want to feel good again . I want to be surround with laughter and inan joke and peopl be happi . and instead , I 'm spiral into clich . heck , even blog rant are clich . and complain about blog rant in blog rant . Ad infinitum . and what , you may ask , trigger thi rash of teenag hormone-driven angst ? john 's blog , specif the archiv from august 2003 . I wa read thi becuas I could n't think of anyth better to do . So I did . and it wa talk about tom and georg and maddi and sarah and me in all cap and how awesom all were . and I realiz that that wa the peak of my life and it is now gone . yark , I 'm grow for overly-much angsti . some fake word 'll upper me better . nostalgia , nostalgia , nostalgia is not edibl , nostalgia is not edibl , nostalgia is not edibl . nostalgia , nostalgia , nostalgia in not edibl . you can not eat nostalgia ... ( which is a good thing , I suppos ) 
I 've done noth of merit today . thi depress me . I will tri to evad by depress by procrastin . thi will make everyth better . 
urllink click here for to wast 17 second of your life . 
final kill off some calori . 700 , accord to my treadmil , but she 's a dirti liar who hate fat peopl : - ) . 
urllink more syllabl of the day ! 
urllink So I final get around to googl for colorblind test , and urllink here 's what pop up . map : the first three look the same at first glanc , but on closer inspect I realiz that russia is a slightli differ color of ( red in the first map , green in the second and third ) and china look wash out in the third . the last map is just a bunch of variou purpl . all three dot pattern in each row look ident . the three ballon pictur look the same at first , but I can detect some sort of chang in the left-most color of the foreground balloon ( not the yellowish corner , but bellow and to the right of that ) , but I ca n't tell if ani of them are red or green . thi could mean that I have doubl colorblind . boozor . 
urllink thi is an photo from cti 03.2 . john and I are lip-sync and danc to `` urllink minimum wage `` , with an emphasi an the danc sinc the song 's entir two word are spent within the first five second . 
urllink 
urllink 
urllink photo publish test ... 
urllink syllabl of the day ! 
john appar ha some sorta livejourn type deali . Is hendelvil part of buttertown , or vice versa ? Or mayb it just got renam . who would do ... oh , right , the turk . I smell indian food a'brewin ' . and the creepi sound of a pressur cooker be open . did most of my costa rica shop yesterday . ( random : whi is n't the prefix 'yester ' use more often ? I should fix that . ) I stil got ta get some more stuff , some osrta mosquito cage type deali . and I should probabl make some vagu attempt to get in shape befor partak in hour of backbreak hard labor . meh . and I 'd better start on that cipro ... downstair my sister is play some comput game that involv lot of pop and whistl nois . neat , by which I mean annoy . 'the long fuse ' is the best histori text we 've been assign ever . It winseses . whaels ... downstair : `` brunch is readi ! '' and away I go . 
wake up at the crack of fivethirtyish for my veryveri first costa rican cold shower . I think I did pretti well , recal the wisdom my dad had gain in india . step one : turn on water , full blast . step two : jump into water , get entir bodi wet as quickli as possibl . breath heavili . step three : turn off water . step four : appli soap and shampoo . step five : turn on water full blast again and jump back in , rins off everyth . anyway , I surviv and wa reward with breakfast , by which I mean coffe . good stuff . No rest for the weari , though : We soon back up and board our belov bu to travel to a citi to buy variou stuff ( water and sportsdrink for me , a bunch of water for everyon , and laura got thi neat candi type deali ) . then we walk over to thi littl town squar where school children were perform danc and instrument music and sing and other happi thing . wa the happi . We sat around for about an hour befor return to the bu where we were issu realli nifti littl rice candi thingi . I pocket mine , promis myself that it would be a reward for finish the infam hike to the rainforest station , which we were inform wa `` not up all the way . It 's down all the way and then up all the way . '' yike . So we board the bu again and set of for a few hour until we get to thi littl town next to the mountain with a restaur deali . the onli thing I rememb wa the hot pepper , which I ate and pretend to not be bother by while I down a full glass of water and anoth of juic to cool my mouth off . then we return to the bu for a short trip to the begin of the trail . our big luggag wa thrown into a truck , which would go ahead of us while we hike with our backpack . the hike actual went pretti well . the sceneri wa beauti ( understat ) : expans stretch of green in everi direct , majest cascad of rock rise out of the earth , mountain that vanish into the cloud , waterfal we could walk across , and an assort of brightly-color wildlif . the weather wa n't too hot or windi or humid , and the trail got more interest as we went down ( and up ) it . I think I owe my dad 's side of the famili some thnak for the centuri of evolut that went into produc good uphill-hik gene . yay ! near the end of the hike we got our first real tast of costa rican rain . It 's kinda like costa rican drive in that it 's insan , unpredict , fast , danger , and common . but it felt good after a few hour of hike . final got to the rainforest station , 5 room in a littl structur in the middl of a cloud forest , after one last realli big hill . We unpack into our room ( correl , aubrey , cri conroy and me share a room ) and relaxed/dri off for a bit . ate dinner a few hour later and then went on a night hike , where we saw crab , bug , frog of variou color , and heard some monkey . turn in for a good night of sleep . 
Um , speak of day one , here 's a rough sketch of what went down in the last few hour befor life went costaricancentr . I got up at ... do n't rememb , except that it wa later than I plan . soon realiz that sinc dmv close at noon , ani hope of get my permit that day wa lost . would have to wait a month . soon thereaft , I realiz how much preper I had to do for costa rica - and how immin humza 's parti wa . heavi heart , call humza to tell him I could n't make it . but he seem okay , and I 'm sure whatev hi mom cock more than cheer up the parti . At thi point , costa rica take over my life . 
well , call thi `` day one '' is a littl sketchi , sinc I 'm not realli sure when the day befor thi day end and thi one began . anyway , thank to my unwav dedic to time-manag skill and organ , I wa scrambl to get pack right into the last minut . with hour to go dad took me to the home depot for a few last suppli and a neat 14-piec knife tool deali for my host dad . get home , the next 8 or so hour are spent pick out cloth , seal them in ziplock bag , grab equip , run through checklist , gather document , double-check thing with my parent , get last-minut advic , desper tri to recal what littl spanish I knew , unpack , repack , and curs paperwork in gener . By the time all wa said and done it wa about 1:30 am We had to be at reagan at 4:30 am , which impli leav the hous at 3:30 am . with two hour to kill , I decid to make a mix tape for the longish bu , car , and exist time that were said to pepper the loos schedul of these trip . In between play cd right next to a tape-record , I clean up the debri from my frantic pack frenzi . around 2:45 the tape wa done , so I decid to grab one last hot shower . went ahead and did the whole morn hygen routin ( tm ) . went downstair to find my dad watch some unsuccess mid-90 's film in which keanu reev play the son of satan , a lawyer . had a breakfast of rice and reheat indian food befor my dad and I set off for the airport . I wa the first one there ( for onc ) and discov someth peculiar about delta flight : they do n't offer ani sort of check-in until 5:00 . three cheer for plan . anyway , it is n't too long befor laura , then Mr leari and hi son , mike , and the rest ( correl , aubrey , chri , melissa , erik , kristen , other peopl whose name escap me right now ) to show up and wait for the counter to open . anyway , we get check in , do the secur thing , and settl in the termin for a good , early-morn game of apples-to-appl . board begin on-tim : -d. becaus I have a weird seat thing , I do some on-plan swap with non-globalworks-ori adult to get next to laura , where I fall asleep upon takeoff . get to atlanta , get off plane , go to next gate ( same termin : -D ) and lay down for a short nap . just as I 'm get comfi , I realiz that I do n't have ani of my ticket or document on me . If I had a bit more sleep I would have panic , but instead I just ran back to the arriv gate , board the plane with a secur guard , grab the document from the pouch in front of my seat where I had left them , and race back . I get to board the plane , switch seat , and fli asleep again . I 'm pretti sure there wa a bad in-flight movi at some point , and I vagu recal some sort of lunch happen . We land at the san jose airport four hour later , wait in long custom line , grab our bag ( there wa a short drama as laura though her bag had been lost , but it came out a few minut later ) , get on a cool littl bus-deali with extra fold seat ( laura , aubrey , correl , and me sit in the back , I think ) and get our first tast of costa rican road . the unit state ha traffic law . costa rica ha traffic suggest . you know , littl tip like `` stay on the right side of the road '' which you may take or leav as you pleas . but you get use to the oncom truck after a while . you know that scene with harri potter on the crazi knight bu ? like that , onli with correl instead of a shrunken head . We get to the bed and breakfast , lug in our luggag ( thi is the first time I realiz how big , unwieldi , and awkward my blue-or-purpl duffel bag is ) and hang around . aubrey , correl , and me marvel at the teenag mutant ninja turtl cover on the bunkb and comment on the innaccuraci portray in the turtl 's color . card are play , sun are set , danc lesson are foist upon us ( I can danc , and by 'danc ' I mean 'fail ' ) , food is serv ( as is my first tast of costa rican coffe ) , more card are play , and the extra two hour we 've gain en rout are spent just gener hang around . correl , aubrey , someon els , and me were engag in some sort of footbal ( american ) at some point . sad . sleep is welcom . 
costa rica : finish . So I suppos now it 's my sacr duti as a blogger to post a play-by-play of the past three week , lest my massiv global audienc spontan combust in anticip . just look at how mani comment I 've gotten : - ) . some of the neatest stuff is the most recent , but I 'll be get to that later . I 'll probabl refer to laura 's ultra-detail dairi for more detail later , but thi 'll do for now . day one start on next post . 
erm.. got ta do actual work tomorrow ... today : clean room , unpack , saw f9/11 and part of spiderman , ate sushi , internet . yeah . not the most product thing ever . 
hot dog . It all start with hit dog . specifiaclli the hot dog that my brother josh had left in the microwav without cook , without a plate , allow fun littl hot dog juic to spill all over the microwav . when my mom open the microwavv to see thi , she wa oder upset and told josh to clean it up . despit have done noth but watch televis all day , josh refus and quickli got into a shout match with my mom . It escal to the point where my mom slap josh , at which point josh yell `` Go ahead , hit me again ! huh ? '' without think and overcom with anger , I walk over and hit josh upsid the head . A scuffl between him and me ensu , end when he land a good punch on my face . I took a step back , tri to figur out what to do next , but josh had stop fight . My mom start yell at him becaus now I would need stitch . `` whi ? I 'm not cut . '' I said . she correct me . josh 's punch had open up a nice littl lacer below my left eye . josh wa sent to hi room and I got clean and banda up . I cri - it wa n't that my face hurt ( a punch in the face actual hurt surprisingli littl ) but I alway cri after fight . bad . anyway , I got over it and got a bunch of ice in a bag on my face . My mom thought that I need stitch , but I thought the cut wa n't that deep . the next few hour ( say , 5:30-7:30 ) were spent go about normal life with a bandaid and a patch of ice . anybodi who wa in the alcov irc thingi - that wa thi time . when my dad got home and look at the cut ( which wa still bleed ) he wa afraid that it would leav a perman scar if left unstitch . My dad insist on bring josh along to the hospit , so the three of us pack into the car and went . On the way there my dad said he probabl would have opt for the scar becaus it 's 'cool to have scar ' . the wait at the hospit wa short and everyon wa realli friendly-likeish . I got a vision test ( I 'm reguarli 20/30 , but the eye abov the cut actual improv to 20/25 in some bizzarr , marvel-comicsesqu injuri sort of way ) . ask how I got the cutbruis I told them that I had hit someon 's fist with my face . they actual said that they could press charg for assault , but I declin . the surgeon ( a nurs ) wa realli nice , although dismay to learn that my brother had gotten stitch just two day earlier ( see 'stitch and score ' ) . We were out of the hospit less than an hour after we walk in and went for ice cream befor head home to sleep . My three stitch come out monday , and I current have a black eye . feel better and life is back to normal . re-appli for permit tomorrow , go to tmbg with john , reuven , and the other mammal , and possibl see laura on sunday . almost make me forget that my mom 's sister 's are arriv sunday night . ani and all comment welcom . 
A nerd ! your quest for knowledg make you bliss unawar of thing like fashion and pop cultur . you are the smartest person in everi room you walk into . you have a hard time approach member of the opposit sex , but that 's okay , becaus you 'll most like becom a millionair some day and final get that cheerlead or sexi chess team captain to go out with you . urllink what kind of social outcast are you ? brought to you by urllink quizilla 
I 'll bet you did n't know that a poll option is exactli one foot long . anyway- whi are you take thi poll ? you could be do kidneyload of more product thing at the moment , but you 're take thi littl quiz deali . what give ? conform complianc obsess with silli poll last wish of a die child the virtual coffe and donut afterword It 's all a horribl misunderstand liber media fight the man work undercov for the man overabund of spare time thi urllink poll by jaiwithani urllink click here to view result 
boooor . So bore , tear stream down my face , would-be-thrilled-to-see-something-color bore . everi color look grey , graviti feel bigger , the sky is lower , I do n't know the sun bored.yeargh . got up at 2 am thi morn and could n't get back to sleep . stay up and watch spiderman2 instead . *sip coffee*now I 'm at work and have absolut noth to do but type thi on one o ' them fanci er-go-nom keyboard . 8 minut until I have to chang the cd again . umm . umm . got ta think about someth . made an LJ account just becaus everyon els ha one and I 'm a conformist pussi . yeah . wan na syndac thi blog over there , hafta see howda do that . 
My result on an obscur and silli onlin quiz are import to you . you 're what her face ! you must be a nice girl , just watch out for those possum ! urllink A homestarrunn quiz - which teen girl squad girl are you ? [ good pictur , trust me ] brought to you by urllink quizilla 
guess who 's brother actual cut himself witha pair of scissor ? justin ! now , you may say to yourself , `` well , that 's understand enough , anybodi could accident slice a finger or hand while tri to cut someth . '' well , justin wa n't cut anything.in fact , he wa walk . To the bathroom . and he somehow manag to slip and slice the top of hi left wrist . smoothmuch . anyway , he had to go in for three stitch , whereupon I wa pick up from work ( work be somewhat close to the hospit ) . So , I arriv home to AP score , which wa quit the mix bag . Of the four score , two were roughli what I expect , one wa below , and one wa abov . but I pass , so life can go on . five day to the tmbging ... everyon I know is on the livejourn . My lack of conform realli doe make me feel inferior . 
how awesom is my job ? I should be work , but I have no more actual work to do , so I 've been essenti order to goof around ( and get paid for it ) for a few hour . woooooooooot : -d. I 'm valient tri to be use by copi cd to the network , but all I have to do is put in the disk and wait for 5 minut while it copi it . speak of which , I think it time for a new disk ... there we go , I now have 5 more free minut . anydirect , I suppos I should do someth use for anyon who bother to stumbl into my neck of the hundred-terabyt wood of blog . So : use urllink mozilla firefox instead of internet explor . just trust me on thi . It 's not at all complic , it automat block all pop-up , it ha tab brows ( unbeliev awesom ) , it 's prettier , it 's realli customiz ( I use gmail and winamp extens , a pretty skin , and a nifti rss feed ) , and most importantli IT 'S virtual immun TO virus ( unlik the insecur and extrem virus-pron internet explor , which the comput emerg respons team ha denounc ) . did I mention that it 's up to 80 % less evil ? It 's true . there wa a studi . Oh , use urllink winamp 5 for all thing media . It 's worth it just for the visual . : - ) . danc instead of walk . inventic wordl whentim feelsgood . 
happi mondaytim . absolut noth terribl interest at the moment , but I guess I 'll have to be do the work thing soon . yurmk . 
urllink thi land . best polit humor around , both side . `` you 're a UN pussi , and ye it 's true that I kick ass ! '' `` you ca n't say 'nuclear ' , that realli scare me . sometim a brain can come in quit handi . but that 's not gon na help you , becaus I won three purpl heart ! '' ... `` you got that botox ! '' `` but I still won three purpl heart ! '' might as well reccomend most of the daili show archiv , start with urllink delay elect . 
life : pretti good . I like the new job I start last week . thi font : I 'm not like . gon na have to fix that . there we go . bradley hand itc . good stuff . So , my job . I 'm basic a lackey in the IT depart ... I need to eat breakfast . thi post to be finish in a bit ... that wa funesqu . for the third and finalish time , IT lackey==good . pay is said to be excel and I keep finish work faster than they can find it . I 've been build comput sinc thursday and have about , um , 15 so far . thi is awesom . I 'm get paid to hang around comput and fix other peopl 's tech problem . It 's like be at home , onli better . and they have cooler lcd screen and always-avail bad coffe . and the occasion pie . My boss are jay victor ( to avoid confus , everyon now call me `` jie '' except for jay , becaus he doe n't speak in the third person to himself ) , a twenty-someth hockey player , IT guy , maker of bad joke , and neat freak , and john lee , who might or might not be a urllink supertast . old guy , lame joke , fun . there 's also thi guy name 'kevin ' but I have n't realli seen much of him and he 's never realli given me anyth to do . anyway , it 's a good job and it give me stuff to do ( and when it doe n't I 'm suppos to goof around onlin , jay 's order ) . Oh , got to date yesterday . well , not realli , but I got to pull weed with the felley for a few hour . Eh , ca hour are ca hour . and I got a realli good dinner and browni afterward . and monti python watch . tmbg should be come soon . lem me check on that ... holi close relat of excrement ! ( tm ) it 's on saturday ! I got ta get back to urllink john on that ... that 's all I can think of right now . I got ta finish that costa rica post ... 
urllink ab 
urllink littl bluebird of chao 
urllink guess who ha 3D glass ? thi guy ! did you know that winamp visual can be view in blue-r len 3D ! drug for my eye ! ! ! In other news , mongolian bbq ha been had last night with sam , john , willa , ilana and JP . afterword there wa random walk , bookstored with musicsuch ( whereupon I acquir a spine - 3*bleem point for the refer ) . then there wa ice cream and a live debat with a nader signatur gather which ultimatley includ woodorw wilson , the bull-moos parti , asian coloni , tax polici , the natur of choic , the ultim signific and purpos of vote , and such . then john and I debat lizzi 's propos to send 'feminist missionair ' to third world countri promot equal right and societ treatment for women , which john though might amount to cultur imperi . the debat promtli collaps when john made some atroci metaphor about `` coat an entir tree with pesticid but leav one bee-hiv on one branch untouch '' . On the upsid , willa still love us both . thi morn there wa violenc at the offic where john 's dad work . appar there 's blood and the report who wa suppos to be there is n't . hi mom blame the AP . heh . one bit of posit news : I just order 20 bag of coffe . Oh , and I got my paycheck . and I have 3D glass . 
test 
