can you name these total awesom chick from the 1980 's ? 
someon onc said that satan is a great sociologist . i think that might have been jon randl ... anyway , it 's true . he watch our trend pattern and trip us up in the worst way possibl . i do n't know everyth that 's been go down , and i do n't need to know . but god did not give US A spirit OF timid ... we are here to fight the good fight . pleas pray for us as we are all battl our own demon . i know that i , person , forget how real spiritu warfar is , and that there 's a constant battl for our soul . what a great dad we have upstair . psalm 60:12 say , `` with god we will gain the victori , and he will trampl down our enemi . '' i beliv thi to the fullest and i know just as the flower in the field , and the bird of the air , He will meet our everi need . thank to everyon who ha support us financi , through prayer and encourag . 
today all the girl got to move across campu into apart ! ! we are so bless to have such a ridonkul amount of spaciou good , and a beauti view of the lake/pond thingi . prop to all the men here ... they were all amaz in help us pack up our million of shoe and make up bag . they even carri purs . it wa magic . ps . here 's a sweet vers i want to share . enjoy ! roman 15:5-6 ( nasv ) `` for everyth that wa written in the past wa written to teach us , so that through endur and the encourag of the scriptur we might have hope . may the god who give endur and encourag give you a spirit of uniti among yourselv as you follow christ jesu , so that with one heart and mouth you may glorifi the god and father of our lord jesu christ . 
went to chicago thi weekend with the d-group . We got thi sweet deal at the westin , a nice 5-star hotel right on the chicago river , with mani ritz posh peopl stare at us poor colleg student with our jansport backpack and thrift store t-shirt . It wa way amus , especi hear our neighbor 's phone convers about the 3 pair of shoe he bought `` for onli $ 1600 . '' sheesh ... some peopl just need to write a check to OU with my name on it so I can get to class ! ... . anyway ... . went to the sear tower , john hancock center ( went to the 95th floor and to take pictur ) , the art institut , the chicago public librari ( biggest librari in the nation ) , navi pier , and , by far the coolest thing ever : wrigley field ! that ha been my dream sinc a babi , and I got a pictur outsid of it with a sign that said `` hey dad '' to send to my dad for father 's day . It wa so great . I have a complet new appreci for public transport , that 's for sure . but anyway ... . we 're start our fourth week here in elgin , and it 's been great ... besid the hord of pre-teen who have move into judson for soccer camp . there were about a billion mom in van drop off their soccer kid ... . I could just imagin them say `` soccer '' with an illinoi accent.. you know what I mean . other than that chao it 's been pretti great . well , I 've raml on enough . I 'm off to start some intens induct that I need to get done by tomorrow ! 
thi last weekend wa d-group weekend . all the group went on some sort of road-trip/out fri. night through sunday night . most of them got a phat deal on a hotel of hotwire.com ... and tour the downtown area . I went to the famou metroplex of de moin , Ia to hang out with my grandpa . one the way home I stopp by the place where they film `` urllink feild of dream `` It wa pretti cool ! I even bought some `` dream dirt '' from the gift shop ... 
right now it 's 5:45 in the morn . shane and I are staf the fit center here at judson . the fit center is n't open in the summer , but we persuad them to let us in in the morn for just the project to use it . well , after much hassl with go through all the proper channel etc , we come to work out yesterday , and they did n't tell us that the free weight room is be remodel . So , sinc the weight room is out of commiss , we 're left with some elypt machin and some cabl weight . what 's so funni about thi post , you ask yourself ? 34 peopl rais there hand to say they want to work out here , but right now I 'm watch shane do push-up , and tygr on the elypt ... . 
one thing that realli encourag us if you post a comment . that let ' us know that y'all are read what we write . I understand if the post is not comment-worthi . I 'll tri to make them substant ! 
I too feel like I 'm get use to the hilli , green surround and strang accent ! I just hope everyon els is start to settl down . 
okay ... thi is go to sound realli cheesi , but tonight wa the first night I felt like I could call judson , `` home . '' We had a fiesta night , don with crepe paper , taco and a human pinata ! -- and the feel of the room wa so real ... like a famili . `` let the peac of christ rule in your heart , sinc as member of one bodi you were call to peac . and be thank . '' colossian 3:15 
As of today , all but 6 peopl have job ! that 's such a prais ! thank for pray , and if you have n't , pleas start . also , mani folk need to rais lot of money , so be good steward and help these peep out ! urllink email me if you want to know specif how much someon need . 
welcom to the project imapct blog ! ! 
hey guy ! I miss you terribl ! enjoy your last day in chicago ! 
yesterday when we went evangel , three of our guy led someon to christ . we now have a new brother , ricki ! yeah ! ! ! be excit ... i think that 's four or five for the summer ... `` We talk of the second come , half the world ha never heard of the first . '' - oswald J. smith 
We gave our 2 week notic to the boss the other day . It wa terribl sad ... especi sinc the other girl wrote a note to tell the boss and did n't just talk to them in person . I thought that wa pretti hilari , like a break-up note or someth , too shame to talk to them in person . anyway ... I ca n't believ there 's onli 3 week left ... or in my case , 2 week ( I have to leav a few day earli ... new news for me ! ) . thi place ha becom so dear to me and it feel like I have n't known thi whole entir time that project impact will end at one point . hope they 'll have it here again next year . bug . I abhor them like roman 12:9 tell us to abhor sin ... well , mayb not that much . I wa sit in my rocker chair that I found for onli $ 7 at goodwil face the window , and I wa munchin on some realli good ice cream . well , there wa a hole in the screen , so sarah thought it would be a bright idea to put our fan in front of it so the bug would n't come in . well much to our dismay thi hole-covering-fan actual turn out to be a huge suction for tini littl bug just mind their own busi fli past our window . I wa about to take a bite of my fudge-revel ice cream from meijer 's when I see it ... it wa like slow motion ... thi bug fli through the fan through the hole ... . we made eye contact as he wa hurl head first into the pit of ice cream dispair . I let out a yell like there wa no tomorrow as we watch the poor creatur struggl for hi last breath amidst the sweet creami pool of melt meijer ice cream ... . We tape up the hole right after that . 
well ... we have a third of the summer left . it seem so long , yet so short . i would like to share with you , my top five of the summer , so far . in no particular order . 1. the steak and shake experi . i admit , it is quit humbl work a drive thru for jesu . i 'm so glad i 've done it . other perk includ , the magic dishwash machin you can get a facial from through the fli food particl and steam , thin and crispi fri , and the fun pin we get to add to our uniform as we get certifi in differ area . sewious . i have three , and they better not want them back . 2. campu prayer . i 'm so spiritu for includ thi . it 's been realli neat learn about the live of student around the countri and know that we all share in the same struggl , yet are uniqu in our own way . 3. shan and dane . i wonder what will happen to dan and shane when the have to break-up at the end of the summer ? you guy are a funni pair , though , and i 'll alway appreci the time after amber 's surpris parti when we share `` special stori '' . 4. deep dish pizza good . i could n't make a top five and not includ thi . it ha forev chang my life and is the passion of my heart and the theme of my prais . not unlik the holi spirit , cheesecak and kite fli . 5. the amaz two-stori carousel at the st. charl mall . it wa the best dollar i 've ever spent . enough said . 
for lack of ani other post , here I am ! Ok , I got ta go type up someth for the social.. nevermind ! leav some love . 
today wa great ! realli , our festiv began last night , with a paddleboat ride in st. charl . we had a boat to ourselv ... veri relax . except for those who rode the poni . i think they were pretti tire by the time we dock . : ) click urllink here to check out a few pictur . today , we had an awesom prayer walk time around campu . we had six differ station we pray at , for missionari from our respect colleg campus . i prayer walk with miss sarah dudley and mr. stan woo ... pretti cool . tonight we all ventur out to a park across the street from campu . we cook hot dog and play basebal , typic american thing , in honor of the birth of our countri . and do n't think we did n't sing happi birthday to the u. s. of a. , becaus we did . hope everyon had a fantast , magic and enchant fourth of juli , as well . we 're halfway ! i ca n't believ it . got ta go do more induct ... serious . more group date ! less induct ! 
It 's over ! We are all at our home . It wa a great summer ! those of you who want to post experi of the summer on here , urllink email me and I 'll send you an invit so you can post here . all in all , project impact wa a huge success . We will most like be return to chicago next summer . 
