i 'm not feel introspect today , so i will write noth . 
baltimor is raini today , but not too cold . the leav have all turn red , so it 's realli beauti , especi on my street . i love rain . if i took a photograph of my street right now , it 'd be almost like a postcard , with old color hous , cobbleston road , shini drench ground , and red and yellow leav everywher . and no one would probabl guess it 's baltimor ( except for the rowhous , which would be a dead giveaway ) , the crime/homocide/drug/poverti capit of america . it 's like paul simon 's kodachrom song , `` make you think all the world 's a sunni day . '' poor balto ; it can actual be quit love . amaz what we 've done to thi citi , and much of the world . mankind 's impact on the earth and itself boggl the mind . we 've just finish the week-long human behavior cours . one of the lectur wa on drug abus and addict , in which we had to read an excerpt from `` the corner , '' a rather famou piec about drug in baltimor . after that lectur i went home and watch traffic ( courtesi of jon lee ... still ) . it absolut appal me the magnitud of the drug problem and the depth to which it is injur and murder our peopl and societi . yet is n't it all done to us by ourselv ? from the movi , which wa herald as a not-so-unrealist portrait , it paint an overwhelm pictur of the drug problem in america . it wa almost dishearten and discourag . but there 're lot that can and need to be done . check thi out : www.drugfreeamerica.com on a lighter note , here 're some great new from the world of formula one race . jaguar team ha secur two new driver , although the rational for bump eddi irvin off the team is bizzar , borderlin stupid . ( hope there are some good reason behind it , 'cuz irvin ha done respect well for jaguar . ) the r4 ( next year 's car ) will be unveil on januari 13 , 2003. best of luck to one of my favorit team . and jordan is jump on the ford wagon , becom anoth ford cosworth-pow team . yeah ! i 've alway like the jordan team . and team arrow will be amongst the entri next year , as it ha been taken over the a german compani . it 's a bit of a disappoint , though , 'cuz i thought it wa go to be taken over by the american , reportedli dan gurney . arrow ha alway had real nice-look car . as for cart , it 's quit a piti that so mani famou team ditch it for irl next year . in my opinion , cart is much more excit than irl , what with it intern stint , road and street cours , and big-tim player that occassionali jump over to formula and becom star . seem to me irl is somewhat of a nascar with open-wheel race machin ; oval track are just not that excit . 
sung is upset becaus thi is n't the same weblog site from hi 
per sung 's suggest , i have commenc post some judici chosen product of my mind here on the internet . the probabl of ani random person surf in and read it is approxim 1,343,378,195,954,748 to 1 , so i 'd better spread the word to my three friend to increas the rate . 
i ... feel cold 
hmm ... i just chang the look of thi thing , how come it did n't work ? ? ? 
wow , have n't written for a while . but sinc no one is read anyway , what doe it matter ? ? ? i wonder if sung read me stuff . sung , if you 're read thi , you get a prize from me . anyway , 3 more week until winter break ; i ca n't wait . last night went to an NU alum meet in DC . i guess i 'm gon na be interview high school kid appli to NU , how excit ! DC is so nice , such a cool town . i love it . the drive there wa kinda scari , though , no light or noth on balto-wash pkwi . no billboard , either , which i guess wa the point . i wish baltimor is as nice and cool as DC . everyday i want a mazda rx-8 more and more ! but i want to keep conni , too . if i win the lotteri , i would save 35 grand of that and buy an rx-8 in the summer . i want either a yellow or blue one , 6-speed manual , load , and then i 'll paint the wheel flat black , lower it , put in hid light , and turbocharg it . i 've rekindl my love for japanes car ... took an exam yesterday ; molecular and cell crap . i hate exam , they just come and go and make me feel violat and insult . now i 'm wait for the clock to strike 3 to meet w/ someon to work on my clinic confer stuff . i 'm so bore ; i definit need more thing and peopl go on in my life . i miss ken my old roommat and that old antiqu apart in evanston . that wa so much fun . i miss evanston a great deal , though i heard it 's get snowi and cold there , much wors than here . i realli miss evanston a lot , the water , the store , the eat , the beach ( even though they 're fake ) , the yacht club and all . i do n't think i realli want to go back there and live , though . i miss my time there , but it would n't be the same if i went back there and live and work there now ; it 'd be like go back to an empti hous that you grew up in . think i 'll visit chicago in spring break ... i want an rx-8 ... 
i 'm back home in lo angel . strang , it feel veri weird be back . a lot 's chang here ; my dad did quit a lot of chang to the hous , that it doe n't feel so much like my hous anymor . it 's veri veri weird ... 
went to a comedi club a coupl night ago in hollywood . it wa 4 hour long ! it wa pretti funni , but for the most part it wa quit vulgar and crude , definit rate r. except for a few of them , it wa n't realli that classi , which is kinda sad . 
bore 
i just found out christoph walken is host tonight 's snl ! i wish i had a tv = ( i want to see the continent ... 
i did n't do ani studi today ... yet . thi morn i woke up from a gloriou night of sleep , not realli rememb what i did last night ... i vagu rememb now . i drew a veri nice pictur of a 1987 iroc-z , listen to music , listen to the realli strang radio show on 98 rock ( it wa sausag night ) , read thi and that book ( leisur book , leisur rule ! ) , and somehow end up in my bed and fell asleep . now i rememb , i left the radio on and sometim dure the night i shut it down . at 928 i woke up to the sound of splashi rain and a semi-dark sky , just the way i like it . good thing the temperatur wa n't that high , otherwis the glacier on the street would'v led to a flood . it wa a beauti day ; i love raini day . my room wa a mess , but i did n't mind . in fact , i like it ; i like it kinda messi . when thing are messi ( as oppos to everyth at right angl to each other ) , there is a cozier and live sens of be and of life . my car is more comfort when there 's my stuff over the seat and the floor . my room feel more real and love when there 's stuff lie around on the floor and over the desk . anyway , back to my morn . i proceed to make thing messier by dig through my closet and under my bed in search of my ethernet cabl , after not find them in my comput box in the basement . i proceed to make thing veri messi . i proceed to make thing veri veri messi . imagin you had a tub full of lego piec ( i use to ) and you toppl over that tub so all the piec are all over your floor ( i use to do that , too ) . it 's amaz how much stuff ( or junk ) we accumul . i still have a bunch of cloth here that i will probabl never wear , though not as much as i have at home . i have thi offic deopt box full of research paper that i 've accumul over the past 3 year , probabl about a third i 've read and the rest i never will . i 've miscellan paper , note , under my bed , that i ca n't realli throw away but i do n't realli need . and then there 's the instruct manual for my calcul , mcat book , map , those aaa travel guid , box for my nokia , box of kleenex that fit into conni 's center counsol , and the long slender box for my bedfram . and then there 's more junk . i 'm wor about what to do with some of thi stuff now . geez . anyway , after demolish my room , i went downstair to accus my roommat for steal my ethernet cabl , onli to find out i wa wrong . i came back up and further made a war ground of my flat . and then i left the hous into the rain to get my ethernet cabl so i can get on the internet ( ye i final wise up ) . there wa mad rain in balto today . haven 's seen rain like thi in month . it wa gloriou . i love drive in the rain , too . i drove to wal mart and sam 's club , and neither had long enough cabl . i wa half grumbl and half glad , 'cuz now i had an excus to get out of the citi . so i hop onto the balto-washington parkway , which wa pretti flood with water and fun . it wa realli come down then , and it wa realli fun drive through it . at the end , i spent 50 frig dollar on these stupid network cabl . they probabl cost the compani 50 cent to make . too bad the rain let down ; it stop in the afternoon . it melt a lot of snow outsid . there 's no longer enough snow to crush down the roof over me as to twist my door frame ( i knew 'cuz my door did n't close properli for the past few day ) . i do n't know whi i like rain so much . i guess when it 's rain , there 's more go on . there 's infinit drop of rain travel from the sky down , hit the ground , make a nice smell and nice nois , wash everyth , and make peopl either smile ( me ) or curs ( you ) . it 's someth to stimul reaction and creat a mess , in good way ( or in bad way if you do n't like rain ) . i guess it 's kinda like a messi room . or it may just be 'cuz we do n't get much rain in socal 
boy today i realli blew up on one of my roommat ... the annoy one . i total though she stole my ethernet cabl , but it turn out she did n't ... everybodi make mistak , geez 
chef dave continu to experi with the dangeroulsi unknown . tonight i tri to make thi white chees sauc for my penn pasta . i put tunafish , milk , margarin , and spici monterey jack chees in the fri pan , and the result look kinda scari . imagin cereal but instead of raisin bran it 's can tuna and chees . immedi a voic on my shoulder said to me `` cornstarch will save thi ! '' so i borrow some cornstarch from one of my roommat . and the result look kinda scari . imagin grit but instead of the white whatev it wa tunafish with pepper chees . immedi a voic on my shoulder becam silent . but it turn out better , much better , and now i 'm eat it . 
wednesday i went ski for the first time , up at ski liberti in pennsylvania , w/ mark and hi friend . it wa SO much fun ! i onli ski down the bunni hill , 'cuz duh i ca n't ski . the first run down wa pretti miser . mark help me down , although i fell so mani time quit miser , i felt pretti stupid . and thi dumb kid laugh at me , too . i should 've scream hi ass out or someth ... kid can be such ass . but after that first embarass run it becam much easier . it help that there wa a lot of snow and it wa all realli soft to fall on . it realli wa a lot of fun , i ca n't believ i 've never gone ski until now . it 's not like i ski well , but i think i learn the bare basic pretti fast ... it realli wa n't that hard . like most other thing , you have to approach it as if you alreadi kinda knew how to do it , kinda like fake it with confid . i need to go again real soon ... 
oop , camaro 's w/ 5.7l engin onli came w/ 4-speed automat today i say a veri nearli perfect exampl of thi camaro that i want . it 's a 1985 iroc-z , yellow , w/ t-top . and it ha onli 25k origin mile ! look so clean ! want to sell it for 12k , yeah right ... it 's veri nice , though . i doubt ani idiot will pay 12k for it , even though it 's probabl the cleanest camaro i 've seen . so sweet . i love f-bodi car . it 's like hotwheel , but one that you can drive ... when do i get mine ? 
i realiz that i daydream a lot . it 's fun . i wa realli upset today that i had to come to school ... today dure the first lectur on neurotroph , i got lost about half way and start daydream about my futur car list , and wrote it down on my notebook , along with an iroc-z logo . here it is : 1 . 1987 chevi camaro iroc-z , 5.7l , 5-speed , t-top , yellow 2 . 1989 chevi corvett z51 , 6-speed , competit yellow , black interior 3 . 1993 mazda rx-7 r1 , competit yellow 4 . 1994 nissan 300zx twin turbo , 2 seater , t-top , yellow half of them are chevi , yeah . chevi use to make such cool car . chevi thunder wa the heartbeat of yesterday 's america ... nowaday they make mostli sad and bore car and then dure the second lectur on neurocytolog ii , i daydream about the dvd that i want to buy . here they are : 1. breakfast club 2. ferri bueller 's day off 3. better off dead 4. gooni 5. back to the futur 6. speed zone 
a while ago i wa park conni down on cobble-ston dover street . and i found a pearl jam ten cd by the curb . great , a free cd . but thi morn i could n't find one of my other burn cd 
so all these memori prompt me to think back further . last thursday i got bore and sick of my bore life , so i went to blockbust 's and rent termin 2 , a veri excit movi . ( after watch it my life wa still pretti not excit ) that wa a 90 movi . i rare watch 90 movi nowaday , 'cuz they 're not old enough yet to be classic ; in a few year . it remind me of the time when i wa grow up and all that . termin 2 wa such a cool movi . i do n't know how they 're go to top a shape-shift termin in the new one . oh ok i get it , with a woman termin . ... it wa a veri nostalg movi , realli . it wa all what the 90 look like , the music , the way movi look and felt , the street of california , the car , the way peopl look , and all that . make me so nostalg , both of the time and home . i think i 'm more of a 90 's child than 80 's child ( and definit a californian trap on the east coast ) , and now i miss the 80 and 90 a lot . here i list some of the veri coolest thing that went on when i wa grow up then : 1. atari and nintendo , sega genesi , later on , super nintendo ! 2. nissan 300zx , toyota mr2 , camaro iroc-z , firebird , c4 corvett , honda crx , prelud , and BA 's van 3. ghostbust , batman , ninja turtl , gi joe , and mask 4. arnold schwartzneggar , total recal , termin , twin , kindergarten cop 5. honey i shrunk the kid , back to the futur , gooni ! 6. michael jackson ( ! ) , mc hammer , princ , van halen 7. the a-team , knight rider , macgyv , alf , magnum pi 8. america 's funniest home video , cosbi show , who 's the boss , wonder year , grow pain ( thi goe on and on ) 9. sleep over with my cousin 10. rent friday the 13th movi , watch w/ my cousin , our eye half-clos through most it 11. domino 's pizza , becaus it 's what ninja turtl ate 12. lego ( thi is befor they put all to funni face on lego figur ) 13. sesam street 14. movi with john candi and eugen levi ( favorit : speed zone ) 15. the simpson , wing , home improv , save by the bell , unsolv mysteri 16. reebok pump 17. microwav oven , the magic food box ! 18. crystal pepsi ( right now ! ) ... wow thi list goe on and on . there sure are a lot to be miss , but now lost forev ... like those old lego catalog , atari game , my old pump shoe , bottl of crystal pepsi , and time spend play with my cousin and friend . ( incident i still have my origin nintendo , the reali boxi one , stash way in my garag somewher ) one thing i can salvag : car . hmm ... i 'm gon na start buy up them use sport car from then that were real cool and real expens , now they 're cheap . be grown up is n't half as much fun as grow up 
geez , suddenli i feel so old . peach just got engag , and someon els i knew alreadi got marri . and then i think about it , i 'm 23 year old ! what make it weird is that i still feel like how i felt mani mani year ago . 16 feel like just then , but it 's like 7 year ago ? ! how weird . 7 year ago , i wa in high school back home in california . my neighborhood had peacock pranc all over the street , like that ? our hous had a big heavi wooden gate next to the garag which lead to where the garbag can were along with other assort junk and a tool shed . i use to be scare of get lock in the tool shed 'cuz it 's hot and had spider in it . in front of the garag is a veri steep driveway , 'cuz our hous sat a bit higher from the street on the hugo reid side . it wa a corner hous . the other side actual sat lower . the neighborhood wa hilli . when i wa 16 i took my drive lesson . my instructor wa thi hispan dude name art pena who show up in a crappi corolla with two set of pedal . `` there 's anoth guy at your high school live around here take my lesson , name 's buckmast , '' art pena said . `` buckmast ? what a stupid name , '' i said . it wa a pretti funni name . at my 3rd and last lesson he point to a woman when we drove down colorado bulevard and said she wa a prostitut . as i slow down and pull over ( as instruct by art pena ) , he suddenli told me to keep drive and not stop . `` it 's an undercov cop , '' art said . `` oh yeah ? how 'd you know ? '' i ask . `` 'cuz i 've got cop in the famili . '' hmm , right . when i wa 16 and a half i brave-heartedli made an appoint at the pasadena dmv on rosemead blvd for a road test . twice the stupid dmv tester fail me , but i nail them down on my 3rd and last attempt and got my driver 's licens . my onli regret are that i act too nice to those dmv bureaucrat narc and i gave a dumb smile when i took my pictur . that pictur haunt me for mani year . that wa the year 1995. or wa it 96 ? 
holi cow . the blizzard of 2003 is the most snow i have ever seen in my life ! hope will ever , too . the flurri start saturday night , or wa if friday night ? quit mani day ago anyway . needless to say , my sex class over valentin 's weekend wa cancel ! ye ! by sunday morn , it had pile up and over conni park down the street , and there wa no way noth wa gon na be open . church wa , of cours cancel . i actual wa n't gon na go anyway ; wa gon na go to nation cathedr , kinda . anyway , 26.8 inch by yesterday afternoon ! some place near balto got as mani as 40 inch ! i wish i wish it 'll keep snow , snow out the rest of the week ! snow so much feel like apocalyps . so much fun unfortun , the sun ha come out just now . rat . mean snow 's gon na start to melt . rat . rat ratz . if i were live in the 'burb and had friend , i 'd go out and go crazi in the snow 
wow i just publish a post and it disappear ! wonder where it went ... 
today wa my first day at my new ( work studi ) job , and boy did n't it go over well . it wa hard interview patient ! it 's so weird ... i stumbl and blurb and stutter . i felt pretti dumb ... hope i 'll get better 
i use to like bird . they 're kinda nice , all color and fli and all . but now i hate bird ! ! ! disgust anim . i 'm so mad at bird . today after icp i walk to my truck to get my thoma guid out of it , and to my horror conni 's hood is cover with bird poop . it wa just like last time , but last time i park on the other side of the same street . it 's as if the friggin ' bird decid to make a toilet out of conni . i wish i can take a gun and shoot them all down ... 
today after church everyon went to have lunch at a 4th year emili 's hous nearbi . she made us vegetarian chili ; it wa so good . i think i 'll look up some chili recip . we stay there for a while and chat until around 3. it wa realli fun . mike , mo , eric , janel , and darl were there . emili 's roommat wa in peac corp in mangolia , and she told us some stuff about it . peac corp sound realli cool , and i 'm kinda interest . afterward darl and i went to the goodwil store and i bought a $ 20 tv . i look on the back , and it said it wa manufactur octob 1983. sweet . it had realli good recept on fox when it wa in the store , and that 's the most import thing , 'cuz fox ha all the best show . but when i brought it home up to my penthous on the 3rd floor , it did n't get as good a recept on fox = ( but i guess at least it ha the sound , and that 's half of it . i also got goya mexican rice and 2 box of corn bread mix ( 25 cent a box ! ) . i miss LA so much ... 
hmph ... i could n't think of anyth to write . blog are stupid . so i 'll describ my dream hous . my dream hous is actual not a hous , but more of a loft/garag . it 'd be kinda like a small office/warehous build in a nice industri park kind of town , like part of irvin . it 'd be about 1.5 stori tall , with the squar footag of a medium-s hous . there 'd be , of cours , a decent size park area and grass around the hous , 'cuz it 'd origin be an offic buidl . the insid would be real phat . i 'd take out all the wall save all the weight bear structur , and convert the insid into a giant garage/showroom/workshop space . it 'd have to be big enough for car to drive around in . there 'd be a reel garag door at the side not face the street . i 'd instal a basic lift , a nice tool bench at one end of the hous , and all the stuff for a basic garag so i can work on my car insid . at the other end would be the live area . the kitchen , dine room , live room , a small library/den/loung , and all that are all expos and open up to the rest of the house/garag . there 'd be a loft for my bedroom , probabl over the live area instead of the car , with a cool staircas up it . there 'd be a few skylight , too . basic , take your typic lab-lik track race shop , blow it up to the size of a hous , add all the stuff one need to live in , and there it is . i figur a set up like thi would n't cost more than a regular hous . it 'd just be highli unusu . it 'd be realli avant gard , too . one day ... and here 's the list dream garag car : -rx-8 ( fe17 ) -85-92 camaro ( especi iroc-z ) -fd3 rx-7 -90-94 300zx tt ( z32 ) -84-89 corvett coup ( c4 ) -93-02 camaro ( 96 on , ss ) -94-95 mr2 turbo -82-89 firebird tran am -57 nomad -63-67 corvett sting ray ( c2 ) -corvett zr1 ( c4 ) -a real soup up atenza -03 svt cobra convert -69-70 shelbi gt500 -2nd gen crx -3rd and 4th gen prelud -gmc typhoon -seri I jag e-typ -saleen s351 speedster -seri II elis -nsx -r34 skylin gt-r v-spec II -fiero -f355 gt -65 malibu ss z16 ( rare ! ) -64-69 gto -k5 blazer/origin gmc jimmi -jeep wagon -03 mustang gt convert geez , that 's a long list . but it 's onli a dream list . and most of it would be use car , some of them veri use . that 's what my place will be for . one day ... 
here 's a histori of arcadia , ca , my hometown arcadia - yesterday and today by christin van maanen , citi clerk of arcadia , 1956 - 1988 . the citi of arcadia spread over the land that wa onc part of an enorm land grant given to the san gabriel mission in 1771 by the king of spain . spanish rule gave way to mexican rule in 1822 , after the republ of mexico declar it independ from spain . much of the vast acreag belong to the mission becam public land of the mexican republ . In 1829 , hugo reid , a scot who becam a mexican citizen , petit for the rancho santa anita , a tract of over 13,000 acr extend north from san gabriel to the sierra madr mountain rang . In 1845 he wa grant full titl from the last mexican governor , pio pico . As a result of the mexican war and the treati of guadalup hidalgo , california wa transfer to the unit state . In the next thirti year the rancho santa anita chang ownership five time , until final , in 1875 , elia J . `` lucki '' baldwin , rich from hi goldmin invest , purchas approxim 8,000 acr for $ 200,000 . the passeng rate war between the santa Fe and southern pacif railroad brought hord of land-seek . baldwin had no troubl dispos of some of hi vast hold , keep for himself the homestead and ranch , the land west of santa anita avenu . lucki baldwin help plan santa anita tract which wa to becom arcadia . becaus the baldwin ranch and busi for pleasure-seek visitor were it onli industri , arcadia did not hold it elect for incorpor until 1903 . baldwin wa elect it fir mayor , and the first board of truste meet wa held in the fame oakwood hotel on august 17 , 1903 . In order to acquir some quick money for the citi treasuri , one of the first ordin of the mani adopt call for $ 40.00 liquor licens tax to be exact from the numer saloon . the much-need establish of law and order wa further by a marshal , deputi , a citi court , and a jail . In 1904 the open of the origin santa anita race track - site of the present arcadia counti park - wa the fulfil of one of baldwin 's dream . that year arcadia 's first grammar school wa built at first avenu and california street . with a reform citi govern hold sway , the charact of the town chang . A fire depart wa establish , and street were light , grade , and oil . the steadi increas in popul from 1910 to 1920 demand new and expand citi servic such as water , postal servic , and street pave . the world war I era saw the origin santa anita race track becom ross field , site of an armi balloon school . john H. hoeppel , who serv in the u.s. armi at the school and later becam the congressman from the area , wa instrument in have thi armi land transfer to lo angel counti in 1933 . hi origin plan wa to have the land develop as a municip park . He wa unabl to interest the citi at that time so he approach the counti wit the idea and wa abl to help convinc gener dougla macarthur , then armi chief of staff , to approv the transfer of 183 acr of the ross field balloon school to the counti without cost for the develop of the park . the 1920 's wit a period of rapid develop as larg tract becam home site with popular acre-s lot . At that time arcadia wa known as a chicken-rais commun . busi failur and unemploy were sign of the time as arcadia experienc the depress of the 1930 's . A period of polit turmoil and demand for economi in municip affair ensu . despit these condit , in 1934 the present santa anita race track , locat on approxim 400 acr of the origin ranch , wa open to the public . dure world war II it wa use as a japanes assembl center and later wa convert into an armi ordin center . It is also interest to note that dure lucki baldwin 's time the race track area wa use for baldwin 's wineri . dedic of the arcadia counti park in 1937 culmin year of hard work by the counti of lo angel and the wpa ( work progress administr ) in convert ross field into a recreat facil . complet of the swim pool , tenni court , golf cours , bowl green , picnic tabl , and other facil in subsequ year afford arcadian and other a center for leisur . continu effort to suppli recreat area and open space throughout arcadia have led to the develop of wilder park , hous the john panati natur center at the mountain northern section of the citi , and sever `` mini '' park closer in . the largest arcadia subdivis transact in histori occur in 1936 when approxim 1,300 acr of the remain baldwin ranch were sold by it heir to rancho santa anita , inc. , repres by harri chandler , publish of the lo angel time newspap . dure the follow year thi land wa develop into sever residenti district by variou builder . the lo angel state and counti arboretum wa establish in 1947 when eleven acr of rancho santa anita , includ the histor home site and build , were purchas for $ 320,000 by the state of california and lo angel counti . oper by the california arboretum foundat , it serv as a horticultur and botan center which is open to the public . class in horticultur and botan center which is open to the public . class in horticultur and botani are held for children and adult . histor landmark , includ the victorian queen ann cottag , built in 1879 , furnish with antiqu from the late 1800 's , the stabl , rose garden , and the adob cabin of hugo reid ( arcadia 's first settler ) have been restor . In 1970 the old brick santa anita depot wa care remov from it colorado boulevard tracksid locat , and to assur it preserv , restor at the southern portion of the arboretum ground . mani motion pictur , includ tarzan , jungl ji8m , daniel boon , mission imposs , road TO singapor , lassi , and mani other , as well as numer TV segment , were film in part in that locat , util the jungle-typ background and spring-f lake . segment of the love boat seri were also film here . the mushroom growth of the lo angel area dure the postwar period did not bypass arcadia , some thirteen mile east-northeast of the citi of lo angel . the popul in 1904 wa 360 , and the total assess valuat of taxabl arcadia properti in 1904- 1905 wa $ 360,405 . the popul in 1980 wa 46,850 , and the assess valuat for 1970-1980 wa $ 295,225,250 . although arcadia ha grown rapidli in popul , it is primarili a residenti citi with a larg percentag of it citizen employ outsid the corpor limit . A number of small busi are locat in shop area scatter throughout the citi . becaus of the limit area zone for light industri , there are no sizeabl industri plant . An industri area in the southeast corner of the citi continu to develop with the encourag of citi offici . format of the commun redevelop agenc in decemb of 1968 ha exert signific influenc on the orderli expans and improv of the citi . In 1972 voter approv the fashion park shop complex propos by the santa anita race track , to be built on seventi acr of it huntington drive properti . santa anita fashion park , contain some 144 store in 1974 , establish arcadia as a region shop center . In 1984 a new hotel , the granada royal , now the embassi suit , at the northeast corner of second avenu and huntington drive , wa complet . A new medic offic build is on race track properti wit an enclos pedestrian bridg over huntington drive to the methodist hospit . We also have a new red cross build locat on the methodist hospit ground . current under construct is the arcadia gateway centr locat on the south side of huntington drive between second and fifth avenu . thi is a retail complex - includ sever fine restaur . there is also under construct a new offic build on the northwest corner of first avenu and huntington drive . huntington drive is ever chang . So - thi is how we grew . 
the snorkel sarcosuchu ha decid to move out of blog to xanga . xanga seem more fun . but mayb one day it 'll move back . in ani case , the new home is urllink here 
and i ca n't get myself to studi either ! 
dang it 's been like a year sinc i wrote in here . but i got realli sick of xanga i 've got a big problem : i 'm so unhappi ... but i ca n't seem to figur out whi . ( ! ! ! ) it 's veri frustrat ! 
last night i decid to rent a video . warehous doe n't have 99-cent rental anymor , that 's realli annoy . i did n't realli know what i want to see , so i linger at the video store for a while . it came down to master and command , akira , starski and hutch , or the last emperor . i realli want to get more than one , but i got onli the last emperor . i had seen it w/ my parent when it first came out . i wa like eight at the time , and i rememb watch the first scene and wake up when the movi 's over . anyhoo , the dvd is three and a half hour long ! but it realli wa veri good . it 's incred . i hope it 's pretti accur , i think it is . chines histori is so fascin , and so sad . the stori wa realli intrigu , but it wa soooo sad . but now i want to go to china that much more . i 'm realli into my root thing now . pu yi , that 's the last emperor 's name , actual wrote an autobiographi . i want to read that . and hi tutor , thi scottish guy , also wrote a book about it , and i want to read that , too . the movi is fill with so mani poignant moment , one of them is the depict of china after pu yi wa releas from the communist prison , when he went out and saw the peopl and all that . peopl were so poor , and there wa thi parad that wa just ridicul . commun realli screw over the chines peopl . it 's so sad . anyway , i watch the whole thing last night and did n't doze off thi time . thi is someth that i wouldn't 've been abl to appreci when i wa younger 
watch the bourn supremaci yesterday at pacif hast 's 60-foot screen . i wa at the librari for a while , just could n't studi , wa in a real real bad mood , and felt like crap , so decid to go and escap myself . half way into the movi i felt sick to my stomach . it wa like someon hand-held the camera thruout the whole movi , it wa ridicul . i onc mount a camcord to my r/c truck and produc the same nauseat effect . when i came out , i felt like i could throw up 
i 've come back to blog fire truck . my life suck at thi moment . ever wish you were somebodi els ? i do n't think i wish that . i just wish peopl in my life now were better peopl , and good peopl in my life then whom i love had never left . life can be such a bitch . when you 're dealt a rotten card and it 's not a game , word can not describ how much that suck . harmoni is a wonder thing that i alway took for grant , though come to think of it , there ha n't realli been too much harmoni in my life sinc mom die . now i feel even wors , 'cuz i know there are countless peopl out there who have it wors than me . more than ever , i wish my life wa a movi ... 'cuz then someth ridicul can happen but more than like there 'll be some kind of decent happi end . i 'm experienc a mid-20 's crisi right now . somebodi rescu me 
